

Storm Star grew strong and beautiful with long black hair. Wielding a giant sword that she carried on her back.
One peaceful night after training with his dad and helping her mother with the homework, she fell into slumber.
She woke up in the middle of the night, and saw some thing scary in the corner of the room staring back at her.

"So small, yet so important."
"Potential to yield, power to shape mountains."
"That i will harvest from you, in turn i will put something in your heart."

Suddenly Storm Stars heart started to ache, she wanted to cry and shout from the pain, but she couldn't even move a muscle.

"Pawn of mine you shalt become."
"The contracts the forefathers made, and i will persuade the old world to do so."
"I'm just a messenger, contractor between the old world and the new one."
"Become mine and i shall teach you the way of the old world."

She suddenly wakes up and spring out of bed, and screams, while grabbing her long sword and trying to point at the thing.
Her father rushes to the room, and asks what is going on.
Shy tries to explain but in the panic she faints.
Her father caches before she hits the ground, and her father takes a glare at that one corner with a look of a killer. All the birds nearby fleed the place.
The next morning Storm Star wakes up, and asks what happened.
her father said: "I was coming from work, and i heard your scream and so i dropped my wheelbarrow and rushed here, to see you faint."
Storm star says: "T-th-there was a thing at the corner it told something i don't quite remember, m-my memory is somewhat hazy. Oh and then i felt like my heart would explode."
"When i woke up i noticed that i was dreaming and then you came and i don't know what happened next."
Her father said: "You fainted from screaming, there was no thing in the corner when i checked"
"Maybe your were just tired and the physique was tearing you down. It could also be that today is the Grand Colosseum tournament starts today, and it is your first time being a participant init."
She quickly stood up from her bed in a rush trying to put all her things up for the tournament while eating her breakfast that her father had brought up.

When she arrived to the front yard of the colosseum, her friend were waiting for her, these were friends she grew up with and goes to the School with.
Although she only trains her sword skills with her had, since teachers of the sword skills are really expensive.

Storm Star: "Are you guys ready?"

Thomas: "Born ready"
Cynthia: "Lets go already"
Luke: ~Mutters something~

Thomas is a childhood friend of Star, he is specialized in the art of the Book incantations, where you use a casting book as your weapon.
Cynthia is also a dear friend of Star, her weapon of choice is a Fencing sword of type Sabre. She also uses magic to enhance her physical abilities
like speed, strength, agility, defense
Luke is a newcomer from the lands beyond the sea, he doesn't really like socializing. He has mastered a hand to hand combat style inherited from his bloodline.

They go to the giant gate where there is a man sitting behind a desk, and register to the Tournament as fighters.
Star gets a glimpse of a person with a black hood on his head, and totally black outfit. She gets the same feeling from him, like the Thing.

Thomas asks: "Everything alright?"
Star says: "Yeah, i just poorly slept."
Thomas says: "Well lets hope you wont space out like this in a middle of a fight."

They proceed to the colosseum, where they each are assigned to a specific bench where to put their belongings.

The first round is a preliminary round where the last 10 proceed.
After the preliminary round all of them proceed.

It is Stars first 1v1 other than the 1v1s with her dad.
Her opponent is a chain mace wielding giant. He shouts: "Little ladies don't belong to the battle ground, go wash clothes, hahahaa!"
She just smiles, and to that the enemy gets angry and starts to run towards Star and fails his chain mace, Star evades all of the attacks.
The mace wielding shouts: "You have a great sword but you cant even swing it with your little frail arms, and proceeds to make his final swing with the chain mace.
Star notices this move, and prepares the make a counter swing with get great sword, but she doesn't move her hand until the last moment, in a clean and fast swing she not only deflects the chain mace, but destroys the chain mace, and land a critical hit on the enemy.
The crowd is silent before cheering for the victory.

Thomas loses his fight.
Cynthia loses too.
Luke wins his.

After some other matches the remaining contestants are: Luke, Star, and one other.
Luke tries to fight the other contestant, but fails.

it is the grand final and it is Star against the one that defeated Luke.
At the start of the mach Star asks what is the name of the enemy, and he says: "Gray, Gray of house Shell"

When the fighting ring plays both of them unsheathe their weapons. 
Star feel that something is strange, his opponent didn't give anything that would remark him someone who knew to wield a great sword like herself. 
But still even with the clumsy looking stances and steps he still countered all of her attacks.

Star started to get furious that someone who didn't even know how to use a great sword could best her.
Gray asked: "Whats the matter?"
Star said: "You move like you cant even lift your feet, and your feet move more clumsy than the old dog of my neighbors. Yet you manage to evade and even strike back with the same force as i"
Grey: "Even if you know how to wield a great sword doesn't mean that it is the only way of wielding it."
"But fine if this irritates you so much, here"
Suddenly Gray drops his weapon and the crowd stars to question what is he doing.
Suddenly Star doesn't see Gray and there is a voice behind her, "Where are you looking at?"
She manages to evade an explosion, turns out that Gray can also wield wordless casting.

Gray says: "Is this better?" "The great sword wasn't for my liking anyway, my palms started to sweat"
Star asks: "So you could just grab a weapon and instantly master it?"
Gray says: "Don't know what this mastering you are prefer to, i just swang big metal sheet up and down." 

They both gather all their might for the final blow.
The impact causes a big cloud of dust from the explosions.
When the fog started to dissipate, the two of them were still standing, until Gray fell and the crowd cheered."
Before Star passed away also, she got a glimpse of the same black hooded man in the crown, he walked away as if he was disappointed with something."


After the match Thomas and Cynthia took Star to the healing room and Thomas started a healing incantation to heal Star.
While Star was being healed Cynthia asked Star what was wrong, since the battle ended she looked like she was angry with something.
Star noted that nothing was wrong, while clearly Thomas and Cynthia knew that, that was not the case, but they let it slide and did not ask of it again that day.

Later when Star came home his parents greeted her with a surprise party, since she won the tournament.
But her parents both noticed that she was not in a good mood, and asked her what was wrong. She nodded and said: "Nothing, i'm just tired thats all..."
Later after the party her father came to her room and asked what was wrong, since he and her mother both knew that something was bothering her.
After hearing that Star started to cry and said: "It's not fair..."
Her father asked her: "What is not fair?"
She started to explain how the last fight, where her opponent clearly were just to amuse himself and toying with her, where the opponent had no use for skills and could master anything like his own long sword and then use incantations without saying anything.
Her father answered: "Clearly your too tired."
Star stared at her father in a questioning way
To that her father said: "Your opponent, Gray was it? I he never used magic, you and he battled with long swords from start to finish, did you not?"
At first Star thought that her father was joking, when she saw that he was not joking.
Star asked: "Is it possible that someone could wield magic as well as a long sword?"
To that her father said: "It is possible, but if you start to think you realize how hard that can be."
"Your friend Cynthia can use Physical and skill increase skills, like her fencing sword and her ability to increase her movement or physical abilities with magic"
"While you could consider that to be wielding sword and magic at the same time, it is because Fencing swords are light and it's use doesn't need much strength to swing it, compared to your long sword."
"If she would want to use a more heavy weapon she would have to practice strength training even more, and thus giving up some time for magic training."
"If you remember from school, how magic works. Where the magic circuit in our bodies decreases in efficiency when our muscles grow, in other words when our strength grows our magical capabilities grow weaker."
"Of course there are exceptions for those lucky people with talent to maintain magical capabilities and strength at somewhat equilibrium."
"For an example Luke uses magic to increase his physical abilities to maintain low muscle mass, which in turn makes him fast and agile.
"This of course makes his body to need more food to keep going."

The next day when Star was eating her breakfast her mother brought a letter for Star. Her mother raid the letter: "It says Congratulations! We want you to come here to the royal sword academy for winning the tournament."
Her father jumped into the conversation: "Usually common folk like us is't allowed into the Royal academy, it's not everyday a common folk is invited to the Royal academy, so you need to watch your back because some people want it to stay that way."
"I'm sure you'll be able to hone your skills there, there could also be information on how to wield great magic with long swords."
Star asks: "When is it?"
Her mother answered: "Today?"

When Star heard that she spew her drink: "Well that much for early warning or something"
She gathered her sword and was heading on way, when her mother stopped her and said: "The royal academy isn't just a school it is a place for you to live the next years to come."
"You'll need clothes money for food and much more to pack for your journey."
Star answered: "Well now it sound more hassle to go to there..."

After she packed her belonging she started to her journey to the capital where the royal palace is located at.
When she arrived at the Academy she was welcomed by the reception where they appointed Star to her own room.
She unpacked and made herself at home, after that she was requested to come to the main hall where the entrance speech.
