The following events happen after sometime since the operation Bubmersus failed into chaos.
Truci Messores Alpha and Truci Messores Gamma took aliases now that they were hiding from the Magna Roma.

Edward was sitting in his new office reading old books that they got from the church.
While Edward is researching Arthur steps in.

Arthur: "Alph- I mean Edward, i told you to not smoke here!"
"The Nuns were kind enough to give us a place to stay and the research material-"

Edward glances at Arthur and then takes his look back to the book and says: "Did you get nutritions?"
Arthur: "You mean food? Yeah i got something interesting, they make these long bread sticks, just look at it! You could kill someone with it, right bos-"
Edward: "Edward."
Arthur: "Edward."
"Apparently Arthur is a boys name, why did i get a boys name?!"
Edward: "I think the name suits a you."
As Arthur saw that he was about to get into Edwards bad side, he quickly changed the topic.
"A-Anyway did you find anything useful from that old rusty book?"
Edward: "I think i'm close to solving this, come i'll show you."
Arthur steps forward into the behind the desk that Edward was sitting on.
Arthur: "W-What am i looking at?"
Edward: "These symbols on the medallion, these are like alphabets of an another language, Ga- I mean Arthur you studied stuff like this right, what do you say?"
Arthur pinches her eyes and says: "If these were of an alphabets of an another language, then it's bullcrap I tell ya. The wording is too symmetrical, it doesn't convey any meaning."
"Oh i know i met this old guy in the alleyway when i was scouting for any potential spies from Magna Roma, he had similar symbols written all over his body."
Edward: "When is he available?"
Arthur: "Hes there all the time."
Edward: "It could also be a trap since, the military had eye witnesses that probably saw some parts of the symbols on the medallion."
Arthur: "I don't think so, since he had also symbols that are not in this medallion."
Edward: "The military could just came up with them."
Arthur: "Well bos- erm i mean Edward. You decide. Also i vote yes!"
Edward sighs: "Well i don't like the odds but what else do we have?"
Arthur: "We strike at three hours before sunrise to avoid patrolling people."

When the time had come, both Arthur and Edward advanced where the old man Arthur was talking about resided.
The old man resided in a alleyway far from the main streets since non-beggars saw begging class as infected and ill.

Old man: "..."
Arthur: "Heoo!"
Edward tried his best to speak france: "Do- You- Know- About- This-??"
Old man stared quietly back at them: "..."
Edward: "come on, lets not waist more of your time with this."
Edward started to head back when Arthur said: "They usually don't talk unless you pay them first."
Edward: "Fine, Arthur give his the long bread stick."
Arthur: "But why! Why do i have to be on the losing side."
Arthur hands over the long bread stick to the old man.

The old man rose his head and at the instant he laid his eyes on the medallion he said:
"When i was born into this world my parents told me few rules to live by: "
"First: Never lie to your self"
"Second: The best way to avenge someone is to do nothing when they hurt you, so that when they think it is ok to do what they do to you, inevitably they are going to do it to someone who is a lion, which will bite their head."
"Third: Never spell his name, he who lives beyond the horizon, he who darkens the starts and lightens the darkness until it all is same."

Arthur: "We wanted to know about these symbols and you give us some one piece lore?"
Edward: "Not entirely. Old people and those who are from cults usually speak in rhymes and encoded messages."
Old man: "I sense loss from your hearts, what you are trying to do is that of blasphemy to gods. What is dead doesn't belong to this world."
"Those symbols are keys to understand the art, that those who go by the teachings of him use."
"You are threading a thin and narrow path, one wrong step and your become like the others, pillars to hold the weight of their sins that came before us."

The old man stops speaking while the patrolling guards start to close the distance.

Edward: "I think this is enough. Thank- You- For- Your Advice-..."

After some time Edward and Arthur manage to get to their base undetected.