Date: two decades after the 'fall of The Grand Sage'

This endeavor of a story takes place at a blue planet, cycling a G-type main-sequence star. 
There was a village down to the north, where a family, with a new member resides in. The family makes by, by selling wheat that they farm.
The family name is storm. The baby that the mother beard to this world, was named after a story her father had told her when she was a child, in which a hero named Star would battle all the evils of that time and bring peace.
And thus a new family member was accounted for, when the next village meet was held at the village church.

The father asked: "What name does this child bear?"
To that the childs father answered: "Storm Star"
To that the father said: "That's one powerful name you have given her. So be it..."

And the father did his deed and crowned the childs name.
The child grew after years, where her mother taught how to be a refined lady, even for a remote village.
She grew to be polite and kind girl.

One evening when she was 7, she saw his dad on their backyard training with his great sword.
"Dad why are you training?" She asked, to which he said "Gotta be strong, so that i can protect you and your mother."
"From what?" She asked with a curious look. her father put the sword to its sheet. And brought two logs to sit on.
"Let me tell you about a story that caused a catastrophe two decades ago."

Once upon a time there were two brothers, both ranked as prince of that times greatest empire known to man.
The other one Was a kind and weak, while smart. He had learned from all the wises mages and scripts knowledge to make one years crops ten times more than the previous years harvest.
Meanwhile the other sibling was strong and also kind at heart. He learned the best martial skills from the masters from around the world. At the age of 10, he could kill a bear with his sword skills.
The stronger sibling also was more handsome than the wiser.

At the age of 16, the king would choose one of the siblings to continue the kinghood.
The stronger sibling argued that they could lead the empire together. The wiser sibling liked that idea also, but knew deep down, that since this world prefer power over wisdom and the fact that the stronger brother was more handsome the people would at some point riot and demand the wiser siblings head.
When the day of Liberalia the festival was just around the corner, the wiser sibling grew darker in his schemes to kill his only brother and take the crown.
But he could not do it, he loved his brother and could't bear sin that heavy. When he accounted all the vast knowledge the had accumulated, it just was not worth it.
So he festered a new plan. They would become both kings but for different kingdoms.
And so the wiser brother called all his most trusted, and made preparations for leave.

When the day of the Liberalia came and the crowning event was to be held, the stronger brother couldn't find his sibling from anywhere. He ordered all the royal guards to go search for the sibling and bring him unharmed.
They searched and searched, but to no vail. And the time was upon him and he could not wait any longer for his sibling. This was because the crowning event was held only when the time was right, this means when Luna and Sol danced for a moment and the world as we know becomes night and day at the same time.
This event also increased the power of the wiser siblings magic to be able to make all his trusted men invisible for the naked eye. This is why nobody else knew where the wiser brother was gone to.
The stronger brother got his king name after being crowned: 'Orion' and thus began the rule of Orion. 

This event where the two siblings paths deviated from each other is called the royal shattering.
Things only got worse from there. The wiser brother started his own empire and those who believed into the magic and wise words went with the wiser brother.
He builded an entire kingdom almost as magnificent as the empire of Orion. And so people around the world started to call him the Scorpio the First Grand Sage of the desert.
This was because the only place where the wiser brother could have claimed land for him and his people was the desert.
When the people following the First Grand Sage started asking for water, the Grand Sage rose sand and stone, and there was a canyon and the ground shook, hold and behold there was water flowing from the north.
The river was so long that even the tallest sages following the Grand Sage could not see the start and the end of the river at the same time.  
Some time later the wiser brother started building his own temple and walls around his domain that no mere man could build with his own two hand.
The desert dwellers became wise in all their ways, mean while the empire of Orion was in desperate state, there was no more wise men who knew the way of the world and how to care for the masses.

Some time had passed and there was new generations, and the streets of the Desert city was filled with arguing who was right.
You see at that time there was no standard for knowledge, every household had its own beliefs and knowledge. This was a problem that the Wise king saw in his kingdom.
Thus the First Grand Sage initiated the first school for boys and girls under the age, and the knowledge that the school was based upon The Great Library Of The Desert.
This library was enormous in its size. Its levels that were filled with bookshelf's reached underground, to this day nobody knows how big the Great library if the desert truly was.
This library was managed by a group of highly respected wise men, these became the first Great Scholars of the land, they administrated all the knowledge to the library.
Legend says that the Great Scholars were so wise, that they remembered all the books of the Great Library of the Desert. No book was similar in the Great Library of the Desert.
All those children that completed the school with scores high enough had the name Scholar added to their title.

At the same time the kingdom of Orion had a similar problem, where all the wise men were gone except for those loyal to Orion.
So Orion sent a messenger to the Desert to make a trade contract, where the empire of Orion would supply the Desert kingdom with weapons and other smiting goods in turn for the Desert kingdom to setup a school to the Empire of Orion, and send fine scholars to teach there.
The empire of Orion had many skilled smithers that had either mastered the art of making swords or armour and other goods.
At this point there was no stir between the two kingdoms so they both agreed on the contract. 

Soon after the construction of the first school in Orion and the wise scholars teachings the children of Orion quickly started to think wise, and so the empire of Orion prospered again.
For the convenient sake the king Orion built a Great library to house all the knowledge that the empire of Orion started to accumulate.
This however didn't go so well with the contract with the desert dwellers. For them the Great Library of the Desert was somewhat sacred for holding all the knowledge of the world.
This escalated into a political matter where the both kingdoms send messengers to each other to communicate about the matter.
At the end the newly made contract stated:

"The Empire of the Sea and the kingdom of the Desert must uphold this contract until the both sides agree to break the contract."
"The Empire of the Sea shall get the ability to host wise scholars from the Desert kingdom, and shall respect them properly and with conduct."
"These scholars shall teach the children of the Empire of the sea the teachings from the Great Library of the desert."
"In return the Empire of the sea must give wage, food and shelter to the scholars that teach at the school of the Empire of the sea."
"The Empire of the sea must pay the kingdom of the Desert Fine swords smithers from black-steel, armour made of black-steel and other smithing goods."
"The Empire of the sea must not let anyone build or replicate in any kind a library, all scrolls must come from the Great Library of the Desert and must return there after use."

Star asked: "Who is the Empire of the sea?"
To that her father said: "Even if the citizen of the Empire of Orion called the Empire by his name, the real name of the Empire when it does contracts or other activities with other nations is 'The Empire of the sea'."
Star asked: "Why is that?"
To that her father said: "Because the Empire of Orion had the greatest navy compared to the other kingdoms."

Some time had passed and the both kingdoms were prosperous, things started to change when the sons of the two kings were brought to this world.
There started to be rumors that the other side was evil and treated the people from the outside badly.
These rumors were there always, but the problem became real when the naive sons of the kings started to take matters into their hands.
Where the sons of Orion said: "It is unfair that the desert dwellers hold all the wast knowledge" and the sons of the First Grand Sage said: "We should not use our men to teach those that are unworthy of the sacred knowledge"
And so things were stirred up for a long time, but it all came down on that one night, where a scholar of the desert was attacked by a mob Desert dweller haters.
The kingdom of the Desert demanded an explanation of what had happened, and King Orion asked forgiveness himself. The sons of Orion were also ashamed that their speaks with the mobs caused an uproar and an action.


~THE FALL~

The First Sage forgave the Orion empire, he reasoned: "No one lost their life, so i wont demand blood for my people."
"We have the best medical care, we can heal his wounds whit out a sweat"
"However, how can i be sure that this doesn't happen again?"

To that the King Orion said: "I'll take matter into my hands and see personally that those who even think against your people to be punished for their misdeeds."

And so the stir that had occurred levitated, or so everyone though.

The sons of The Grand Sage, were unsatisfied with the results, and thus they asked their father to reconsider, however the Grand Sage refused and said "Escalation could lead up to war and total termination of on of the kingdom!"
The evening after that the three sons of Great Sage confronted him again, but with seeking blood instead of calm conclusions.
They managed to out power the Grand Sage.

Storm Star asked: "Wasn't Te First Grand Sage super duper powerful?"
To that her father said: "The First Grand Sage was greatest of his time, but he taught his sons all that he knew. These three sons of him were all Great Sages of the Desert Kingdom."

On that quiet night after the evening, the Grand Sage was beaten by only one of the sons, one was battling against his father, one casted a domain lock so that no one could hear the explosions within the castle. And the third leaded the Great Desert Army to Orion empire.
The sky was red as blood, an rumbling could be heard from far away. Orion noticed and knew what was going on quickly, he grabbed his best men with him and ordered the youngest of his sons to go and blow the war horn to notify all warriors.
The legendary power of the Desert against the might of the sea.
Orion knew his men didn't have a chance to win against the Sages of the Desert, so he and his most loyal men went to the dungeon beneath the castle.
There was someone or something, tied up with old lost magic, it's eyes swept right to your heart, it's gaze shimmered brightly in the dark dungeons.

"Captured me, sought me into this darkness and now you wants my help?

The men of Orion shook in their place, the terrifying creature in front of them, it was like something out of a nightmare.
A that thing that always were on the corner of your eye, but when you tried to look at it it wasn't there. Something not meant to see nor comprehend.

Orion said: "I know my father threw you here, i wish i could help you but i cant, i know this requisite that i'm about to ask is the pure manifestation of greed, but i need your help."

"The old world is still here, faintly. I can make your wish come true, but at the cost of the same price."
"You need to offer me something that has the same potential and value to this world, like those men that you want me to annihilate."
"One day there is going to be a child born as your offspring, i'll choose the one that has the most potential compared to all other generation that have come, and are to come."
"I will strip all humanity out of it, and bring calamity to this world by it's sheer force. Is this what you want?"

Orion said: "Yes"
The wise men of Orion tried to convince him to not accept, but his desperate look on his face was enough of an argument to his men.

"Then shall it be."

And thus the Kingdom of Desert lost the war, as they were approaching towards the Empire of Orion, there was a brief silence where the shouts of both sides couldn't be heard. And suddenly the Desert dwellers were gone."
And instead of a magnificent army to fight the Orion Empire there was just a stench, that had no indefinite source.
The next few years the moon was dark red on every night. and the Sun was cold as the mist.
