[You get what you didn't ask for]

"It happened so fast..."
"We had no chance against him and his army of the non-living..."
"The prince took all his might, but lost doe to his comrades failing him..."
"The main army of of king, fell. Like a it was an insect..."
"All the other high level ranking are dead or have fled the country..."
"Am I only one standing? Am i only one left?"
"Why did it annihilate the civilians as if they did something horrible in his eyes?"
"Why did they murder everything they laid their hands upon?"
"Froze half of the kingdom, rose the dead against us, turned the other half to a burning hell of ashes."
"Oh heaven why have you let this befall my homeland?"

These were Stars inner voice when she was almost killed by Him, the ruler of the monsters, the father of all dead.
He turned back to Star and started to walk away.

Star said: "Why did you not finish me?"

To that He said: "Of all the other Adamantites you were the most interesting one."
"I will give you a painful kill, like a goodnight kiss."

The air started to burn up He started to glow as if he was one with the sun.
Huge magic circles came to be around Him, magic circles inside other magic circles.

[In this world a single magic circle at a size of 1m at a diameter costs about 10 mana per second.]
[The cost of the magic circle grows linearly with it's inner symbols count, where each symbol might affect the target with some power, be it a curse or heal]
[The cost of the magic circle however grows exponentially with ist diameter.]

A magic circle of a diameter of 20 meters, above Him and Below Him, as if the Heaven and Hell were to bow to Him.

He said: "And now.."
As he raised his hand slowly to execute his super powerful cast.

"As moons shine as stars glitter in the sky, you were a brave warrior, now it's time for you to res-"

Suddenly a average height man with a long black jacket appears and grabs His arm, and suddenly all the magic circles dissipate.

He suddenly disappears further away from the man.

"I have chosen her, you cannot claim her, death."

He starts to cast a very powerful spell, it was like a star in His hand, and he threw it at the man at a very high speed, where even Star had a hard time to track it down with her eyes.
It hit the man, and a giant explosion occurred.

He said: "It seems there was a hidden variable lurking in the shadows, but don't fret you shall also be in rest soon-"

But when the dust clouds from the explosion dissipated the man was still standing where he stood before the explosion.
All around him was turned to shes except where he stood.
Star was also ok since she was located behind the Man.

The man said: "Turn away, and you will keep your life death"

To that He said: "Hahahaa! I didn't know there were still this strong ones around."
"Although it's really strange since I don't detect any power from you... Maybe you have a some kind of an talisman that gives you unbreakable defense."

The man said: "Your attack was just too low to make any difference"

He got agitated and called his generals, demons beyond the visible spectrum of understanding, monsters that defy logic.
But when the monsters came for the man, they just vanished. When the demons plunged with their spears and flames, they too were gone from this world.

The man said: "I don't like bullying those who didn't even have a chance to begin with."
"I also hate those who torture those who don't have any way to protect them selves"
"All those little children and women and men that were just farmers or living their happy life..."

Star noticed that the mans face grew dark as if he was upset.

"Let me show you what could make a scratch to me..."

The man rose his arm up to the sky, and suddenly Star and He, fell into madness because of what they saw above them.
The Sky, the heaven, the world beyond, they saw a magic circle above them in the sky reaching from the end of the sky to the other ends.
It was so large that you could not see both sides of it at the same time. What also was not comprehensible for Star or He, was that the magic circle didn't have any symbols on it.
It was just a blank two circles inside each other.

Next the Man spelled a word that made the air to froze for a moment.
"E#de#i#"

Then nothing happened. Star thought to herself that maybe it was a illusion trick to make Him to escape.

She said: "Yes it must be a illusion trick since He was gone and all his army was gone too."

To than the Man said: "Here have this." 
He gave Star a something to eat.

It instantly healed her.

She asked: "I didn't know that it was possible to make such massive magic circles even if they were just for show."

the man said: "Me neither, i mean why would somebody make such a big magic circle just for show anyways."
She looked to the mans eyes, slowly realizing... That wah she saw was no magic trick. Since even if He would escape to a safe distance She should have been still able to detect His presence.

The man said: "I thought my messenger had arrived, no?"
the man slaps his own face in regret.
"Thats what i get for trusting that scumbag and his servants..."
He takes a big breath
"I have done my job, here. I will come back in future, meanwhile you need to train, you clearly are too weak for me take you ba-"

While the man is talking Star suddenly comes to the realization of what had happened.
Her eyes start to shake. She stands up and starts to run towards the capital where her team were fighting the demons and the undead.
There was the truth what she was afraid the most, blood on the ground and the walls, some hanged some speared some decapitated.
When she starts to come closer one of the close by dead bodies grabs her ankle, as she slowly moves her eyes to look who it might be.
"T-t-t-Thom-as?" 
Thomas smiled with blood on his mouth, he said "At least you ok, i'm glad. what about Cynthia is she ok? And luke? Oh i'm sure they are alright too."
"I just messed up, thats all"

Star said: "NO, no no no, hang in there, don't speak hold on your power, try healing."
She starts to heal but thomas takes her hands of him, and says: "Shut up i'm tired i want to sleep, wake me up for dinner ok?"
Slowly the light grows weaker and weaker and Star realizes, and cries for help.
When she cried she saw a hand that resembled Luke's hand. next to pile of ash.
The she also sees Cynthia's sword. next to a large rock smashed on a body beyond recognition. 
She says: "Why am i the only survivor couldn't this world take me instead and save my dear friends?"
"I promise, I will avenge you, i will destroy who ever made all this happen."

Weeks go by, Star sleeps under a tree near a river, she wakes up caches a fish and after eating she continues to train.
Something however seems odd. While training and hunting pray, she finds a little village near where it all happened some time ago. 
A little girl comes to Star and gives her a Flower.
She smiles and turns back, to eat and continue training. While training she continuously hears the mans voice, about how weak she is.
At night she sees the same nightmare again and again, over and over.
Weeks go by, and she has improved, she also notices at this time that even when she started to scavenge for medical supplies from the ruins, she hasn't really needed any of them, 
Even when she is clearly in a non-hygiene environment. She doesn't dwell in the matter for long, when she comes across a boy napping besides the tree trunk. 
She accidentally wakes the boy when she steps on a branch which wakes the boy up. Star hesitates for a moment and asks if he is lost.

To that the boy says: "No." in a shy and low voice.
"Why are you sad?"

To that Star says: "What makes you think so?"

the boy clarifies: "Since your eyes are lost in the eternal slumber..."

This somewhat creeps Star and makes her take few steps back.

The boy continues: "Why are you trying to achieve power no mortal should try to achieve?"
Star looks at the ground and thinks for a moment and then says: "I lost precious people whom i loved dearly, the world that i tried to hold up crumbled away through my fingers like sand."
"No matter how hard i tried they were gone, and i will not accept it. I'm going to achieve absolute power, then i shall remove all evil and those that try to hurt the weak."

The boy says: "Can you show me this power you speak of?"

Star starts to walk in a path, and gives the boy a look that says follow me.
So the boy follows Star's lead and eventually they come across a open field.

Star says: "Stay back"

She slowly drops her arms down and then closes her eyes and takes few deep breaths.
The the grass around her in the field start to move, like the was a wind coming from around Star.
The sky slowly fills with storm clouds, but there is no rain only thunder.
Then Star slowly moves her arm that holds the sword up, and points it towards the sky. and then in silent moment between the thunderous claps, the sword is swung down.
Aster a moment the noise from the sword going down suddenly fills the area with a tremendous explosion sound.
The storm clouds were also cut in half in the direction of the sword when it was swung. 

After that Star gives the boy a look of accomplishment, and says: "This is what i have been training. I will get ahold of heavens and crash them down to hell that this world is."
But the boy didn't seem to be impressed by what he just saw. He says: "Why did you held back?"

Star quickly responses as she would have been accused: "No i didn't!"

To that boy says: "Yes you did, you held back because you were afraid that the wave from the impact would hurt me or someone else near us."
"Clearly when you said you wanted to grow stronger, you weren't fully committed to it."
"You clearly lack confidence, your like a little bird that quickly flies away the moment it sees danger coming."
"You're afraid to lose yourself when confronted with this absolute power you're speaking of. To achieve this power you need to be more powerful that the power you posses."

To that Star asks: "Why and how do you know all about this?"

To that the boy says: "You really think your the only one? Have you ever wondered why He came to you and your people?"
"No, there was no peculiar reason, he has captured not only your world but mine also and probably every other world there are."
"You weren't special when you were born to this world"
"But that doesn't mean that you are confined to be non-special, yes you were nothing special, but you can make yourself special!"
"You need to let go of that what made your previous self you."

Star starts to be irritated and shed some tears.
To that Star says: "And who are you huh? Why should the world work like you say? How do you know how or what absolute power even is? and-"

The boy cuts Star of and says: "How i know? Let me demonstrate you can accept what ever you desire it is not of my concern."

The boys hair starts to levitate upwards like it was in a upwards going draft of wind.
And his clothes also started to flail and he said: "I usually hide my presence, but since you want to see what power looks like, here it is-"

As soon as he stops saying whe wind stops but also the air seems stiff like it was frozen, the the boy raises his arm and points one finger up.
And suddenly a giant ball of blazing hot black flames appear above him. He says: "This is 0.001% of my power."
"I can raise it if you are not impressed yet."

Then the star vanishes, and after a moment the ground starts to shake, all tiny rocks starts to float upwards and the trees are like being pulled from the ground like carrots.
The the clouds above dissipate and behold! A star in the sky filling the sky with blazing hot flames engulfing even the star of the planet where they were.
Because of the immense heat and the sounds of the combustion's in the star the boy yells: "What about now huh? This is 0.05% of my power. this enough yet?" 
"This world cannot hold more mass in a place more than this, if i put more energy to it, it will collapse into a point where time and space meet and dance for eons."

Then everything suddenly returns to normal after a irritating squirming noise that comes from everywhere.

Star knowns this power, it is same as the man with the long black jacked. And asks who the boy really was.
To that the boy says: "I'm someone who can teach you to achieve something like what you just saw."

And so the boy and Star trained daily together and lived together for some time.
At this time Star learned new way to express power and handle magic without incantations.

Some time later on a evening the boy said to Star: "I think you're ready to make the contract."
Star asked: "What are you talking about?"
the boy answered: "You are close to perfecting your strength and magic casting. There are things you cant do alone, and need of an a contract with a higher being."
Star asked: "For example?"
the boy answered: "For an example, you could make a contract with a spirit to heighten your senses. Or you could make one with a demi-god to heighten your strength or magic power."
"Or make a contract with a celestial being like one of the Great Old Ones."
"But there is someone special I want you to meet."

The boy waves his hand an a ripple like construct appears in front of them, the boy grabs Stars hand and they go closer to the construct.
Suddenly the surrounding area fades into a desert like environment, where there is no sky, just stars. The world also doesn't pull you to itself.

Star asks in a slight panic: "Where are we?"
The boy answers with a slight saddened look on his face: "This is the place... Yes this is where every last one of them was killed..."
"Some of them didn't want to... Some of them wanted to live long and happy, not doing any business with anyone."
"But some of them were greedy they wanted more than what they already possessed..."

Suddenly the ground starts to rumble. A huge planet sized shadow appears. Suddenly the planet sized shadow changes its color from black to a white, with a pupil like circle in middle of it.
It was a eye. A monster beyond the imagine, only its eye was visible, rest of its body was too large to see at the same time.

Star whispered in terror from the boy what it was and the boy said: "This is Electricity, or what is left of him."
"After the war all of them were clustered and sealed into Him, with the massive power that he hold he chose this massive form, to represent all of the misdeeds of those who he had claimed."

Star asked: "What are those that you constantly prefer to?"

The boy said: "The gods of this world."
Star looked terrified, of what had such power to consume all the gods into itself.

The boy continued: "It was the only way to keep peace, for the mortals. Not all of the gods fallen here were evil, nor deserved death."
"You see, it was a war between two factions, both sides lost heroes beyond imagine, those who would climb a mountain to just rescue a little peasant of the mortals."
"But the so called good gods were outnumbered and overpowered by the opposite faction, those who didn't want to just die because of an unborn god that would consume this world."

Star interrupted: "What unborn god? And what does it have to do with the other gods?"

The boy answered: "Well by gods i mean those that are gods by some standards and some that are for other standards, you see one god may not be same at the power level as some other god."
"The unborn god is this worlds all cumulated knowledge accumulated by all the civilizations, and the more wisdom the unborn god has before birth the more powerful it becomes."
"These gods that spurred the war were just powerful entities that are not match for a true god like the unborn."

Star said: "ughh... I dont know if i keep up..."

The boy continued nonetheless: "All worlds are made for the sole purpose to be an embryo for the god to be born from the knowledge of that world."
"Some worlds have their own constants in which the world works under."
"The better these constants are for live the better. Then the life could bring civilization and that civilization brings research and thus knowledge to that world."
"The more the better."

Star interrupts again: "If they consume the world when they born where do they live then?"

The boy looks a little bit irritated and says: "They live in the lands of the gods, or they used to."
"For this exact world to not crumble as it's deity was being born a certain character brought this world and replaced it with the lands of the gods, so now this world is the only one left."
"And the one which hosts all other worlds."
"But we can go to the lands of the gods if you want."

Star asked: "But didn't you said just say it was destroyed and replaced by this world?"

The boy answered: "Yes, but we can go back in time before it happened can't we?"

Star said: "I don't know, you tell me."

Star starts to piece things slowly and tells the boy: "So you want me to do a contract with the massive thing?"

The boy says: "It's not a thing he is Electricity!"
"Anyway, place your hand in his eye and open your mind to it. And remember to ask nice!"

Star steps forward and places her hand on a surprisingly dry eye. 

At the moment she closes her eyes, she opens them again after a moment, and asks what to do, but as she does, she notices she is now somewhere else and the boy si nowhere to be found.
There is a human like shape in the distance, it had a green turtle like shell on it's back.
Suddenly Stars head starts aching from the screams she hears from all around her.

The shape asks: "Do you hear them too?"
"Those were the last things i heard with my own ears as everyone and everything started to combine to one big blob, and then the silence fell."
"I AM THE KEEPER OF THE LATE NIGHT SKY. I AM THE TERROR THAT FILLS THOSE WHO DON'T DO MY BIDDING. I HAVE THE POWER TO SHAKE ALL WORLDS THAT ARE NO MORE. I AM JUDGEMENT!"
"What business do you have here mortal?"

Star starts saying: "I Wish to make a contract"

The entity responds: "For what purpose?"

Star answered: "To uphold my promises, to protect the weak, to crush the evil, to save those i love. Isn't this much obvious?"

The entity answered in a angry manner for some reason: "SILENCE! Everything is obvious and thus at the same time nothing is obvious. It doesn't matter the true nature of your reasons."
"I only want you to say it your self so that you may remember what you have said this night. Cause if you don't uphold it will be your undoing like it was mine and all those who became under His command."

Suddenly Star opens her eyes again and she is back with the boy.


