Date: eons before the 'Day of The Cataclysm'

There is a place between worlds, this is where all the things that never came to be exist.
It is like a barrier to stop anything from hopping between worlds.
There is a desert reaching vast until eye cant see the line where the existing and the non existing collide.
There are also entities in this world of the non-existing, let us focus on a boy and her mother.
The boy has black hair and black eyes, silk smooth white skin. Her mother gave to the boy a really long black scarf that she knitted herself.
Remember even if we are in this so called wasteland the land of the non-existing, there are still different entities some predators that hunt other entities.
The mother and her boy live in a tent between two large rocks that the time hasn't yet turned into sand. One night the boys mother wakes the boy up and tells the boy to run to the south and not to look back.
She said if you go to the south, you'll find an inn with people of our own that can help you.   

The boy did not want to leave his mother but his mother insisted. So the boy ran and ran, until the trails of the boys foot print were gone.
The sky turned black and a black smoke arise from the horizon and a giant wolf with fangs that were so big that the wolf left two big lines on his trail where ever he goes.
There was black smog coming from the wolfs mouth, it had a burning eyes glowing hot red.
The mother stood up and started to say words incomprehensive to our world, the cast of the non-existing, there appeared two gigantic magic circles,
one below the mothers feet and the other one above her head on the sky. These magic circles were at diameter so large that you couldn't even see the two ends of the same magic circle at the same time.

"Run my baby boy find shelter from those that were my enemies, those who i fought against because of their ideology. Those are the only ones who can save you now."
"I'm sure you'll grow up to a fine man, strong and wise. Wise enough to change fate, string enough to make two worlds to collide."

It is the 2 days and the boy finally sees a silhouette of a cube-ish structure out in the horizon.
There was an inn.
Before the boy could take another step someone whispered behind his ear, "It seems she couldn't even grow one, hah!".
The boy jumps from being scared like that and turns and a notices that the whisperer was a same looking boy like him.
The boy asks "w-wh-who are you?", the other boy says "I'm you but from another world." Come inside i'll introduce you to the other ones.

When they step inside the Inn, the boy shook cause the inside of the inn was massive compared to what he saw from the outside.
The other boy said "Neat huh?".
There was others like him, although almost every one had a different costume.
Well get in-depth of the others from the inn at later chapters. 
"You'll need to learn your abilities first if you want to go to adventures like us."
"I can teach you casting, that over there he can teach you strength related skills."
"But before that you need to rest and take at-least ten showers hahahahaa!"
"You can sleep on that room that is on the second floor. Be ready next day at when that box thingy does 'Ding-Dong' sound ok?".
The boy goes to upstairs and takes a bath on the ready-upped bath-tub. After a good bath the boy goes to sleep.

"Waky-waky you sleepy head, the clock already did the sound how are you not waked up already?"
The boy wakes up and asks if the other boy is his mother, to that the other boy stays quiet and stares at the rooms window to the outside.
After eating a lot of food the boy heads out instructed by the other boy.
"Ok, for starters let me ask you this. What did your mother teach you?"
To that the boy just stared at the other boy and said nothing.
"Nothing huh? Ok, let's start from the basics"
"Context is the most important thing when trying to manipulate things around you, for an example if you are in a vacuum you should try to use the entropy to your advantage."
"See a vacuum is not an entirely empty there are constantly things and their counter parts that destroy each other when they hit each other."
"Being able to predict when the next pair will spawn from you can stop then from colliding and thus make matter and anti matter and do the next stage to those matters to achieve what you want.
"When trying to change passive events those are 'defy' castings, like destiny defy or entropy defy."
"With that you can easily destroy any barrier, unless that barrier is specifically designed to withstand entropy manipulation."
"Vectors are a really important things to learn and master, by learning vector manipulation you can change any object location or velocity."
"With vector manipulation you can also change the temperature of anything."
"With the energy creation of the vacuum control and the vector manipulation you can achieve basically anything, it's turing complete as far as your concerned."

"Usually you need a medium that can achieve you the control of these concepts."
"Some use magic circles to achieve this, although magic circles if not made by demi- or full gods are not able to straightly use the Vector and Entropy manipulation."
"Those that use these magic circles use these things named as elements, these elements are just macros for the complex vector manipulation that happens behind the scenes."

"Luckily you are one of us, so you can control vectors and the entropy manipulation just by thinking it."
"This is of course really powerful power so we have done a control system that abstracts these controls by a filtering method, ranging from 0% to 100%."
"There is a world where there are these interesting entities that look pretty much like us, Humans. 0.001% is the average human power."
"Remember this power scaling goes exponentially, in other words 0.002% is double the difference, but when we get to 0.003% the power difference is 150%"
"There are also some powers not available until you rise the power scaling, these so called locked powers are your made, abstraction of the Vector and the entropy manipulation."
"Here."

Suddenly a bright flash came from the palm of the hand of the other boy who was instructing the boy.
"Done. Now you have all the abilities 'installed'".
"Oh and that flash that occurred right now i made it for fun to look epic and all muhahahahaha..."

The boy asks "What are you, i mean what are we?"
The instructor says "We are like the immune-system of this universe that is inside this non-existing world. We are those who keep the order between this world and the next."
"It is all for this world egg to be born, then our job here is done."
The instructor looks into the horizon again with a sad look on his face.
"All those other worlds with us alike that didn't escape in time are gone, just for some stupid god"
The boy looks at the instructors face asks what he is talking about, to that the instructor answers.
"I think you being one of us should also know the truth, huh..."

"Every world has it's own lawn of nature, some are totally different unable to host intelligent life at all, meanwhile some have similar constants to our world."
"If a world is unable to produce intelligent life before the heat death, the world dies, and a nothing comes from that."
"Meanwhile if a world has intelligent life, it can probably host intelligent life that can achieve such great technological advancements that the world could live longer thanks to that."
"The longer the world is alive the more data is collected to the god to be born of that world, you see there is The World."
"The World is the real world, not that this world is not, but in a sense all that happens here is for the greater good."
"If there is a lot of intelligent life and a lot of technological advancements the god that will born out of this world will have greater power and knowledge."
"This means that un-hatched gods may plan to harvest other gods data, here is where we come in, we are tasked to protect our god to be born safely and strong."
"This is why you see so many of your self here we are from other gods that were born some great some weak, one of us found a way to escape to the next world egg before the previous one seized to exist."
"This world doesn't have much time, and we don't know where to go next, there doesn't seem to be more worlds beyond this one for some reasons we don't know."
"Don't worry i'll keep you safe no matter what."

The boy asks "Can't we just go to the World outside this?"

The instructor says "Yes and no, first of all it needs an immense amount of raw power to break the barrier of this one world alone not to mention the world beyond this one has it's own task force to deal cases like that."
"But alas, that might be our last hope we have left."
"Well it's dinner time, let's continue training tomorrow."

Time passes, the boy grows older and stronger to the same age looking as the other one, their appearance is around a human in his twenties.
He is now a full fledged defender or a whole world. He has a long sword that shines cold blue, a cold breeze flows from the sword.
When the sword is not used and put on his back the sword just vanishes and has no collision with anything until the used tries to grab it from their back.
The boy also got a black long jacket from one of the inhabitants of the Inn.

One evening the boy had eaten himself full, and started to head out to bed, but at the cross section in the hall there was a stair case leading down that he had never seen before.
He went down due curiosity, there was a black iron door with a circle handle waiting for someone to know with it.
The boy knocked on the door and the door opened on itself. There was one of the same looking entity as everyone else at the Inn.
But he had same styled long black jacket and a black scarf. black haired dark-red-ish eyes. Cold stare on a chair.
The mystical entity said "It seems operation curiosity was successful. You can call me Surus."
This was weird since the boy didn't have a name and so was everyone else. There is a way.
The boy asks "To what?"
Surus answers "To keep your world safe for all eternity."
The boy says "And what is that?"
Surus says "It's simple really, there are two ways of doing this."
"First is this: make a deal with the god of this world that is to be born. Make a deal to spare you and your loved ones."
"Next one is: Kill the god and replace it yourself, by becoming god you have enough power to recreate all your love ones, to the real world."
"Third is what i like the most: " The face of Surus became so sinister that the candles ran out of courage to burn brightly. his smile was so wide it reached from the other ear to the other ear. And he whispered.
"Destroy the domain of gods and bring them judgment of your own, and make this the real world and become the true god of all worlds that have been and those that are to be."

This shook the boys core from the terrifying power and evil within surus. That, that name was never to be mentioned outside of the world of the non-existing.
If by any chance his name were to be spelled with the right tongue and right time Surus could manifest into the real world and bring calamity to everything we know and don't know. 
The boy ran upstairs as fast as he could, this was not a intentional move but an instinct like behavior.
When the boy reached the main hall and he looked back there was no stair case. It was like nothing ever happened.



