TIME: 10 minutes after the communications to advance force was lost.
LOCATION: Central Magna Rome, HQ S-Wing, Truci Messores Lobby.


Un-named soldier: "Sir you have a assignment."
Truci Messores Alpha: "What is it this time?"
Un-named soldier hands over an letter.
Letter: "We have lost communications to Advance force at Geneva France, and require you to gather a small team to retrieve and report what has become of Truci Messores Felix.
Truci Messores Alpha inhales one last to his cigar and then takes his black army division leather jacket and heads to the train station that is located beneath the HQ S-Wing.
There he finds Gamma and Beta .
Truci Messores Gamma: "Felix. He was in that mission, you think he's alright?"
Truci Messores Beta: "Hey that's Felix were talking about, the Inferno of the Red Ghosts."
Truci Messores Alpha: "Yes, he is fine, probably just about finishing the work there."
Truci Messores Gamma: "It seems that the others are late."
Truci Messores Alpha: "The others wont be coming. They have other work to do."
Truci Messores Gamma: "What other work?"
Truci Messores Alpha: "The train is about to depart, we have to go."

TIME: 25 minutes after the communications to advance force was lost.
LOCATION: East Turin Magna Roma, train cart.

Truci Messores Beta point his finger towards the ominous clouds in the distance.
Truci Messores Beta: "Hey boss, i don't think that is normal, is it?"
Truci Messores Gamma: "I hope Felix is alright."
Truci Messores Alpha pats Gammas head.
Truci Messores Alpha: "We can't assume anything until we get there."

TIME: 27 minutes after the communications to advance force was lost.
LOCATION: Pont-Saint-Martin Magna Roma, train cart.

A sudden shaking that propagated through the whole train.

Truci Messores Alpha: "What the hell is going on?"
Truci Messores Gamma: "The train is shaking, it's going to derail."
Truci Messores Gamma hides beneath Alphas legs.
Truci Messores Beta: "What are your orders?"
Truci Messores Alpha: "We should continue by foot, the train cant hold on much longer. Beta go to the conductor and request immediate stop."

TIME: 30 minutes after the communications to advance force was lost.
LOCATION: Verrès Magna Roma, near halted train.

Truci Messores Beta: "Ugh, my new shoes."
Truci Messores Alpha: "Glad to see that your problems are large as ever."
Truci Messores Beta: "What are you talking about?"
Truci Messores Alpha: "Nothing, lets go."
Truci Messores Gamma: "Why do i have to carry all the luggage?"

TIME: 45 minutes after the communications to advance force was lost.
LOCATION: Entrèves Magna Roma, near border.

Truci Messores Alpha: "Get ready, from this point onwards we are in enemy territory."
Truci Messores Gamma: "If the enemy territory starts already here, then why did Felixs mission take place in Geneva?"
Truci Messores Beta: "You really are the dumbest that they come, huh?"
Truci Messores Alpha: "Lets go-"

A sudden blast of wind hits the three soldiers, and a sudden flash paints the sky red.
When the get over the hill, they see it.
A giant pillar of flames engulfing the whole sky in the distance.
A heat wave hits their faces, creates a crack in Betas lips.
A ill feeling sweeps the ground, like a plague that has disguised itself as the wind.

Truci Messores Alpha: "What the hell is that?"
Truci Messores Beta: "It's the end of the world~"
Truci Messores Gamma: "Eek!, i wanna go home!"
Truci Messores Beta cracks laughing at Gammas reaction.
Truci Messores Beta: "I really do love how stu-"
Truci Messores Beta realizes that Alpha has water work in his left eye.
Truci Messores Beta: "Whats wrong boss?"
Truci Messores Alpha: "Agony... Nothing lets move out."

TIME: 1 hour after the communications to advance force was lost.
LOCATION: Sallanches, Great France Empire.

The sky suddenly starts to rain burning ash.
Truci Messores Gamma: "ouch ouch, my head is on fire!"
Truci Messores Beta points at Gamma and laughs senseless.
Truci Messores Alpha: "Take stance here they come!"

Suddenly the there shadows moving about in the burnt building that were around them.
Projectiles were fired at the Truci Messores, but Gamma deflected them with her powers.

Truci Messores Alpha: "Shadow lingerers. Members of an organization that we don't know much about, so keep your guard up."
Truci Messores Beta: "You think they caused this?"
Truci Messores Alpha: "Probably not, since they usually appear in places that already have been touched by death and whatever that pillar is made of."

The tension of the air suddenly rises as a surge of silence sweeps everything, that is in close approximation to the massive pillar of flames.
With the silence the shadow lingerers also disappear into the shadows.

Truci Messores Alpha: "We should move on, we have to find Felix."

TIME: 2 hours after the communications to advance force was lost.
LOCATION: Geneva, Great France Empire.

There is a enormous pit where the city should be. The flame pillar rises from the center of the pit.
There is something in the depths of the pit, shining brighter than the flame pillar above it.
Despite the massive flaming vortex above them, it is almost silent, there is this tiny high pitched sound coming from the shining thing.

TIME: 2 hours and 5 minutes after the communications to advance force was lost.
LOCATION: Geneva, Great France Empire, the pit.

Truci Messores Alpha: "Dear god, what the hell is that?"
Truci Messores Beta: "Great someone decided to summon the devil himself, cause i don't think anything else can resemble it more than that."
Truci Messores Gamma: "Hey, guys why does he have parts of clothing like an S-Wing specialist?"
Truci Messores Alpha: "Could be a failed research test... Anyway we need to get rid of it."

The moment they take another step with the intent to kill the fire entity, it notices them.
Before the Truci Messores could even blink the entity is gone.

Truci Messores Gamma: "Even in this moment of heat i suddenly felt like i had wings, maybe i don't need to be afraid of anything anymore."
"Oh i see, how the world shines... Wait what am i doing behind myself! no no no no this cannot be i don't wanna die now..."
"I hade so much to do... I thing Alpha stopped the entity since the flame pillar is gone and the pit is so dark..."

Truci Messores Beta: "Wtf? how is it so fast even with my eyes i couldn't detect its movement, the fuck did they release into this world this time?"
"Fuck! It seems it got Gamma too, she had so much to live... Fuck it since i'm going to die now, might as well give it one more time my everything..."

Truci Messores Alpha: "Where did it go?"

When Truci Messores Alpha starts to realize what had happened, he looks back with a ready stance, and sees both Gammas and Betas heads in the fire entities hands.
Filled with rage and anger he charges at the entity, and swings his sword at it.
But again the entity disappears, although just before the entity disappears he sees a flash of light, and then an another entity steps in and deflects the fire entity.
This new entity is totally engulfed in black and white flames, with white glowing eyes, and a mouth of an monster.
Both of the entities start fighting each other, where they grab in turn the opponents horns and then tosses the other into the other side of the pit. 

Alpha runs towards Gamma and Beta, and in panic tries to put their heads back, and puts healing substance on them, and does as many healing spells he remembers in his panic.
Truci Messores Alpha: "Hang in there! Fuck why did this happen! No i'm not going to lose more of my squad again!"
Suddenly an warm hand touches Alphas shoulders, Alpha gazes at it, it's just a boy.
The boy whispers: "E#*E@IO G*DS#*A#"

A huge circle emerges around Gammas and Betas dead bodies, and a white light falls down to them.
Truci Messores Alpha: "Graces light, i've read about this before, power from beyond..."
"Hey boy who are you?-"

When Alpha takes look at the boy it isn't there.
Suddenly Gamma gasps for air, while revived.
Alpha wraps his arms around Gamma and says everything is alright.
Truci Messores Gamma: "No... It's not okay, look at Beta."
Truci Messores Alpha: "Hey, wake up, a boy healed you, so why aren't you waking up Beta?"
Truci Messores Gamma: "He isn't dead boss... He used soul cast to summon that black thing with the cost of his own soul."

Meanwhile the ground shooks and multiple shortwave hit them in their face, while the two entities battle.

Truci Messores Gamma: "Isn't it beautiful? Two angels fighting. Every hit they do could wipe cities down to rubble. And yet each of them stand after countless numbers of those impacts."
"Also as like the city, we should also be crumbling to ash, but we aren't. Do you think it is Betas summoned entity that is giving us the shield, or the mysterious grace boy?"
Truci Messores Alpha: "You just keep resting, we need to get out of here, is the defense barrier is made by the entity that beta summoned, then we are in it's way."

Alpha grabs Gamma and starts to climb the wall of the pit.
When they are far enough Alpha put Gamma down.

Truci Messores Gamma: "See? Ev-Everyth-ing is f-fine..."
Gamma starts screaming and crying, pouring her heart.
Even Alpha starts to shear tears.

Suddenly they are surrounded by the Magna Roma troops pointing guns at them.
A shout is heard from the backs of the troops: "Down your aim, those two are with me."
The man comes forth, he is General Magnus North.

Magnus North: "How are you holding Alpha."
Truci Messores Alpha: "It got Beta, it is currently fighting summon that Beta summoned."
Magnus North: "Good... We will take it from here."
Truci Messores Alpha: "What about the entity that Beta summoned?"
Magnus North: "Orders stated to clean all traces of the entity, so we will do that."
Truci Messores Alpha: "This order of yours it includes also the Entity that Beta summoned, right?"
Magnus North: "Your work here is done soldier, you are dismissed."

Suddenly a bright flash from the thundering clouds of the flame pillar strike and Alpha is nowhere to be seen.

Magnus North: "That damn fool, find him!"
Truci Messores Gamma: "You don't intent to kill him right?"
Magnus North: "Depends, he just violated martial law. So he is to be punished nevertheless!"
Truci Messores Gamma: "Then i'll leave Truci Messores."
Magnus North: "Well we can't have that now, can we?"

While he takes his revolver to point at Gamma, the same boy appears and the gun disappears.

Scarf Boy: "Well i cant let you kill the one i just revived."
"Lady Grace wouldn't like it." 

Magnus North: "So we finally meet BOY, i've heard a lot about of you. Apparently you have been meddling with my research teams, and broke several laboratories."
"Now that is a violation of the law if i have ever seen one, hahaa!"
Scarf Boy: "Humans aren't your play things, especially when your human yourself."
Magnus North answers with a evil killers face: "Who says i'm a human"

Magnus North rips his uniform, revealing machinery.

Magnus North: "The R-Wing really out done themselves, This mysterious machinery that they unlocked, after researching at a invisible city in the desert."
"Behold power!"

Magnus North Leaps forward to kill Scarf boy, but he counters Magnus's attack. They both start fighting almost similar to the two entities that fight in the pit. 

Meanwhile Alpha is at the bottom of the pit again, and tries to help the Betas entity against the fire entity.
The fire entity screeches aloud, which makes Alphas ears bleed.
They still continue attacking in unison, making combo moves.

But the fire entity overpowers both of them. While the fire entity is gathering enough energy between it's horns, the other horn is cut in half by the fight of Scarf boy and Magnus North.

Truci Messores Alpha: "Demons, and even those who power goes even beyond."

Meanwhile Scarf boy notices something that Scarf boy has attained it's attention.
Scarf Boy: "This is why i don't like using my powers, they all seem to attract to it."
Magnus North: "Where are your eyes, BOY! Your fight is with me, hahaa!"
Scarf boy settles into the ground and says: "I need to finish this."
"#ND*@##~#O*#H*@N 0.02%" 

Magnus North: "You scared or what? Mumbling wont make your chances against my superior power!"

Scarf boy for the first time looked into Magnus Norths eyes, and suddenly Magnus North, saw it, the horrible things that no one should see, those old ones that lurk on the corners of our eyes.
Those who defy the nature, and law in which everything falls into.

Then Scarf boy raises his arm slowly pointing towards Magnus North, and then he snaps his fingers, and Magnus Norths mechanical armory starts to crumble.

Magnus North: "Wait, what is going on! What did you do!? Fix it!"
Magnus fell from the sky, where his men then recovered him and flee.

Meanwhile the the Betas summoned Entity starts to lose it's power.
Alpha: "It seems his soul was this much worth, huh..."
As the fire entity starts to gather for another blast with its one ans a half horns, it vanishes into thin air. Behind of it is the Scarf Boy, with glowing yellow eyes.
Scarf boy: "That should do it."

And so the battle of the pit was concluded.


Gamma ran towards the pit where Alpha was, after noticing that the heat of battle had worn over.
After she arrived where Alpha And Scarf boy was she asked: "Where is Betas Summon?"
Alpha opened his hands, there was a tiny version of the entity.
Alpha: "Here... Hey boy, can you revive the other one too?"
Scarf boy tilts his head: "But i already did."
Alpha: "But hes lying there dead."
Scarf boy: "Yes, his former form, but you hold him in your hands don't you?"
"Putting his should back to the original body is easy, you should be able to do it."

Alpha: "Thank you, but who are you?"
Scarf boy: "I'm sure you will find that out ourself, I really have to go, unless we want Him here..."
Alpha: "Him? Him who?"
Scarf boy: "Nothing. Welp, bye then."
Alpha faints, Gamma grabs him before he hits the ground.
Gamma: "Thank you for saving me back there..."

As Gamma look at the sky that has cleared from the fire pillar, she looks back at Scarf boy but he isn't there.
Gamma carries Alpha with her injuries.

They both set a temporary camp, where they both heal up.
When Alpha wakes up, he finds a carved medallion in his hand.
Gamma: "Oh look who's awake, welcome back to the living!"
"The boy gave us that medallion, you think it can help us find a way to cure Beta?"
Alpha: "I hope."
Gamma: "Can i name this entity that beta summoned?"
Alpha: "Sure what name have you though to giv-"
Gamma says: "Beta 2000" with a smirk on her face.

