After leaving the Outer realm Scarf boy traveled across the sea of worlds within the realm that the Entity-733 created.
After some time after he had witnessed countless species and their cultures helped some of them observed others and so on.
Saw how the great time war ended, how countless civilizations collapsed from it. He saw how the great old ones went to slumber for one day to return.
Having the ability to control the entropy and space time manipulation just by thinking made him the most powerful being in the whole world.
Having this much power however he almost never intervened with what happened around him, since he wanted everything to flow as they should.
Lived for so long yet caring for life around him, embracing those that couldn't even think.
This story however is one of those rare instances where he did intervene.

After leaving Mainland of The Great Britain after it's conflict with Shattered Whales in Modern Human calendar 15th century.
Scarf boy Started to head to where Rome was, since he had heard in the pubs weird things that had occurred in Rome, he had some suspicions about external beings having their part in it, but he had to go and see for himself. 

Currently in Rome there are internal conflicts between factions, even when they are under the same Catholic Church.
A young orphan ho has to do the factions bidding, had an mission to assassinate the other faction leader, the boy had talent for cold blood murder, and thus giving him the survival chance he needed.
One day he was scavenging for food in the alleyways when he was pinched by thugs, and so made a run for it.
He managed to hide into a abandoned warehouse that holds wheat grains. 
There in the pitch dark the boy bumped into Scarf boy dying from hunger.
Scarf boy said: "Meat, i need meat! Why is there only wheat grains here? I cant eat raw wheat powder stuff, i don't like the taste."
"Oh, you there! You seem to know where there is the good stuff."

The boy said: "Who are you? You don't look like around here. Anyway it's not safe here! You need to get out of here, they could mistake you being my accomplice and kill you too!"

As they whispered to each other, the chasing men arrived at the facility.

The thugs said laughingly: "There is nowhere to go now, you better pray your prayers because we will get plenty for your head."

Scarf boy tapped on the boys shoulder and said: "On my mark jump from the trap door on the left"
"As he said it a thick cloud from the flower filled the room."
"And so both of them managed to flee."

While running the boy said to scarf boy: "Lets settle in my base"
To that Scarf boy said: "You have lots of juicy meat?"

The boy answered: "yes some, i planned to reserve it for the whole next days i guess you can have it for saving my live twice."

After a while they arrived into old abandoned structure. It was a miracle that it was standing even in its condition.
There seemed to be a lot of other children at the same age as the boy. According to them this building was their orphanage that had burned after a fire accident.
They don't want to go to the new orphanage since it is under the Catholic Church provenance.

One of the children said to Scarf boy: "They offered us a place to stay but we had this feeling that something really bad was awaiting us if we would go there."
"Felix was ready to go instead of us to see if it was a bad place or not."
"After a while we started to worry since he should have come back."
"And so we sent Amelia to scout for him, she came back with bad news of Felix being tortured and some kind of experiment."
"So Amelia and some others went for a rescue mission, but they too never came back, and from that day onwards one by one our numbers have decreased."
Scarf boy asked: "Can you describe the experiment?"
To that they said: "No, since we lost Amelia, you see she was the best navigator and our leader. We haven't set a foot near that place."
To that Scarf boy said: "Where is this place that you don't want to set foot?"
To that they said in unison: "The new orphanage".



