Date: 10 years before the 'Day of The Cataclysm'

Long time ago where the time was before time itself, there was a place within the God-Hatch-004.
This place had it's name the fourth World for the fourth god to be born.
Inside this world was a peaceful galaxy and it's solar system with it's planets.  
Our journey begins in one of the three planets, namely S-pron. S-pron was a typical planet hosted by different types of animals and sentient beings.
The story begins with one of the tribes. The tribes in this species differentiate each tribe by its identification color.
The tribe we are interested in are the Green Tribe. The green color comes from their color of the shell like scales they have on their skin.
There are family lines within the tribes, the strongest heritage line in the Green tribe is the Ender lineage. The Ender lineage specializes in utilization of the entropy manipulation.
It is the spring time where the planet S-pron is finally closing in to it's star, the snow is starting to smelt. This time of the cycle is called the Line, this is when it is best for the new generation of the species to be born.
The wife of the head of the Ender heritage has given birth to siblings, one with dark red eyes, and one with black eyes. This is normal for Green tribe to have red-ish colored eyes. This is mainly from the iron rich diet that they get from the grass they consume.
A ritual is done two days after the birth of the siblings, rituals are often done to only the most important newborns, in this case it is the head of the Ender lineage. 
It is a morning the home star is starting to rise and there is a cool breeze flowing in the hill, where the ceremony will take place.
The point of the ceremony is to enchant the newborns to have special aspects.

The Head of the Ender lineage, the father of the siblings first enchants the sibling that came after, He takes the child into his hands and holds it at high and gives the younger sibling vast knowledge of the sealing art.
The sealing art is the strongest and most advanced power the Ender of the Green tribe has achieved and still continues to improve.
The chief says aloud "Become vast in the art of the knowledge of the Ender, suppress all evil and shine like the Home-Star, reach the knowledge of the heavens. Let your death be your only enemy. Your name is yours and only yours let the mountains rise when they hear your name, Ilves.".
At this point an small earth quake starts, this is never happened with the ceremony. The starry sky starts to shine more brightly for a moment and then not. 
This series of quick event was followed by a silence for a moment, then the Head chief snaps out of it, puts down the younger one and starts to enchant the Older one by holding it at the same height as the younger one.
The the chief says aloud again "You are my oldest son, be wise, be careful, take care of your family and tribe, make all known powers slaves to your voice, command all of the world with your mind, achieve the singularity. Be one with the Entropy, you are the only one who is worth and even beyond the Ender clan, you are the one and only Elec.".
At this point the more the chief said the more Elecs dark red eyes started to glow with more brighter red color. At the end when his name was known the Home-Star went pitch-black.
And the earth shook even greater, but this time all the stars fled, and the sky turned into pitch-black the only light that was at the ceremony cite was the eyes of the Elec.
There was no wind there was nothing but him Elec the oldest son of Ender. After a while the world turned back, like nothing ever happened.

After this chain of events nothing exceptional happened years passed by, and the two siblings grew Ilves was talented in the art of the Sealing and Entropy manipulation.
Elec performed greatly in the strength category of the tribe learning center. Elec was in no means only muscle, he was also the head of the class, and exceeded in almost every category of learning subjects.
At this point it has been 5 cycles from the birth of the siblings, a war has broken out between S-pron and Altra where a high level civilization with the technology stage of 3, compared to the S-pron with the stage of 1.
However the S-pron was on the lead, this was caused by the super fast technological advancements because of the war, S-pron had a chance.

Four years had passed and the ground was in turmoil, the Altra empire was defeated, there were a lot of casualties, deaths, suffering. Ilves had a Doctorate, making him Dr.Ilves.
Elec had mastered the art of the electrons, fitting his name. Dr.Ilves was the chief of the research facility-000, there they did tests to interrogate and learn more about the captures Altrians.
One of the strange things was that one of the first Altrian they captured as a war hostage was the oldest son of the King of Altra. This was one of the reasons Altra fell.
Even more interesting aspect was that that the Oldest son of Altra just gave the color tribes all the information, which the color tribes won the Altra.
This subject was the first entity to be Securely Contained and Protected in the S-prons known history.
They gave the hostage a code name, and a Security Code Protocol 001. 

It was winter, where the location of S-pron is farthest away from the sun. Dr-Ilves had spent so much time with the 001, he somewhat became friends with 001.
This wasn't so odd since 001 was social and was really co-operative. But Only Dr.Ilves knew the truth that the 001 was never taken hostage, they couldn't even dream of capturing him.
Even with Dr.Ilves mastery at the Entropy manipulation and seal crafting, he was almost like an infinity away to be able to contain 001. 001 knew this too, but he just said to Dr.Ilves to trust himself and hel will get to his level some day, be it decades or eons.
It was starry evening night, the last day of the cycle, this is where from the records the Cataclysm started.
Elec was training his sword skills at the shrine of his mother, that had passed away at the war. Elec and Ilves mother was on the front line, because of her ability to heal.
And thus Elec trained every night at the shrine of his mother before going to sleep. He was swinging his heavy long sword, with a top to bottom swing. 
Suddenly the air froze, not in the temperature, but something felt odd, it was like the whole S-pron had stopped moving with all it's content stopping too.
Then all the flying animals fly away, Elec never had seen this, it was something terribly horrifying had happened and it's going to get worse every second.
When he was still thinking what had happened, someone whispered to his ear, "what do you desire?" Elec swinged his long sword and took a fight ready stance, all his senses told him to flee.
But his senses also told him that even how far he tend to run that monster will be right behind him the moment he loses focus, or thinks his safe.
When he snapped out of the panic he saw a entity not from this planet, This was probably 001, from Altra he thought to himself The entity said in response, as if he could hear Elecs mind.
"Right you are. You are the most interesting one here in the God-Egg. Do you like to make a pact with me? I'll provide knowledge beyond this world, no i really mean beyond this world."
"In turn you will need to answer to my call when ever i call for you, and you are in my service. What do you say, isn't this fair trade?"
Elec hesitates his mind is like a super dense smog that occurs on the mornings of the day. on the fields.
Elec looks at 001 and tells to 001 "As long as your request doesn't go against my morality and doesn't hurt those i love, i accept." 
001 responds "Wise decision, those condition you have placed are no trouble at all. Acceptation accepted."
At this point Elec's body started to ache, and his vision started to go blurry 001 commented "Hmm, it seems that your body can't withstand my presence any longer. oh how fragile you mortals are, oh well until next time."
Suddenly the time itself seemed like to be continuing the air wasn't so stiff anymore, the ambient noise returned and Elecs heart felt like pumping again. The urge of running away, also subsided.

Same time, the home planet of the entity 001, Altra just vanished, nothing, a moment ago you could see the massive gas-giant planet Altra on the horizon and suddenly it just wasn't there.
The interesting thing is that basically everyone forgot about the planet Altra and the whole war that occurred. The only ones who recall the even of the Cataclysm are Dr.Ilves and Elec.
The war between S-pron tribes and the Altra was replaced by a pandemic that killed almost 1/3 of the whole population of S-pron, the advanced technology that came from it was to create a solution to the virus.
