Some conceal themselves in the shadows far from light, some hide in the dark alleyways waiting for the right time to strike, some hide themselves from others by concealing themselves in an imitation of something that they are not.
The vast open, where the high and mighty reside, those who are not afraid lay upon the open world, but sometimes a light can shine too much, sometimes the light can make the shadows darker.
Sometimes an act can be more of an righteous if there is less light to make the difference between black and white, the lit and unlit.
Could revenge ever be considered action of light? How dark would it need to be for day to day actions be of un-bias. How treacherous would the lands be, how much divulged from the right path would the world itself be to allow us, who live in it be kept alive?
What if there was a great civilization, who ruled all the lands, all the shimmering lights of those homes in the night sky we see?
The harder you shine, the faster you will be put out. Some will keep their light to themselves in fear of losing it or getting taken from.
But there was a land where it always shined, all corners were lit. A star whose light made the world outside their domain pitch black.
Hands in thousands, crawling like rain into all corners of world, harvesting everyone's light who crossed their path of way, dimmer and dimmer became the sky.
Only one light sanded firm and it was thousand fold compared to all of its surroundings.
Eclipsed into our existence, such a short while they were around eating all the low handing fruit from all the trees.
Their home. Home of shimmer, where no darkness could hide. Colors of many, were their lands, and even more colors did they put into their sky, to help them sleep, forgetting the dimmed world around them.
Rivers flow of marbles, such shiny each of which held more light than many fold around their kingdom.

As such did their cities grow, did they start to approach the high heavens, this was a straight calling to duel to all of those above mortals.
And thus did a collage of many warriors of many more come into one. Heed they did the spellings and enchantments of gods, minor and major beings all united against the great cities.
this collage was felt throughout all the corners of inner. Many were ready to give their life as an offering to boost their best fighters, and so they did.
Some were collected into hordes, not knowing of why or what was going on around them. Many were sacrificed in the name of the collage of united. So many...
And so did all the stars move out of their way. The battle stage was set. The great cities were surrounded, by the legions of monsters, creeps of flesh, each screeching the story fo their home village so that maybe someone would remember them for what they did.

But the battle that was about to start, started to amass attention from eyes from other God seeds and their minions. And so did start a great silence in all of the worlds.
This attention made some other world inhabitants want to get a better seat to watch the upcoming great battle, and so did many leave their post and invade this world of ours.
The outers did they're best to keep the invaders from mingling with the conflict to come, yet some did get past the collision of mayhem.
Some did not come to just watch, they're blood boiling with go to, the must which they could not withheld themselves from their urges to spill blood.
Curses started seeping into the roots of reality. From a different world did they come and they did follow different rules than ours, and so did the world itself remove the unwanted.
They splattered across space, creating nebulae of great proportions, poisoned rivers which flow against time. Cracks in walls whispering the impending doom of all.
Corruption of darkest secrets spilled into our drinks, fallacy of false hopes seeped into our foods and dreams turning pale. This was the consequences of meddling with other words.
Even great gods, could not overcome the difference between the constants of the reality that they were transformed into, stretching them into all corners, making some pop like a bladder, some squished into paste, some melted into the mentioned rivers.
These amalgamations they imprinted, are to this day corrupted and hold powers no one can hold dear.
Yet, while the collage witnessed the show of death and corruption across their homelands, they rallied and slowly started approaching the walls of the great cities.
And yet no one answered, nor cried to battle from the highs of the walls, in fear of an ambush the collage continued their march towards the walls slowly awaiting for every moment, multiple eyes they had into all sides, and yet no one was to greet their blades, no one was there to be sliced by their great swords.
Only the shining walls stood tall and proud, like a mountain range. Collage one by one started to break into the thick walls of the great cities.
With each hammering, the light sparked so bright some were melted by the calling of the eternal light, some dropped their weapons by the persuasions of the shimmer.
Some took hold of the sparked light and carried it back to restore their homelands.
But those brave and unwilling to the amass of light continued to break through the great walls. 
Some saw their own reflections and the horrors they did to get what they were and from the overwhelming scare became blobs of pure stench and whalings so loud and unbearable, they could be heard across the sky and all the dimmed lands.

After seven hundred days, did they finally break through the walls and they swarmed like a great mass through the holes they made into the great walls of the great cities.
The great pillars of hope stood proud and tall, steering up to the clouds, and beyond, shimmering rivers and lakes, with depths of unheard of. So many truths did each gravel hold. 
The light was so bright that all the blood spilled was washed away, the ground and the forest and the pebbles were all many in colors some see-through, like gems sparkling, where the most tiny spark was stronger than the greatest the dimmed worlds could amass
The great light seeped through the digged holes in the walls, and those who were carrying what they had from the sparks, and noticed the great light beyond the walls, and dropped all they had carrying and ran and ran as fast as they could filled with hope, so maybe someday see their children smiles again through the dark shadows and thick smogs. 

After many days all of the great cities were scavenged, and most had went home to bring light back to their worlds, but few still hunger for blood killed all they could find be it friend or slaves, but no matter how much they did try to find who was responsible for their burnt villages, they could not find anyone.
Not even one soul did answer their rally cries, not even the trees spoke to winds, as much as the light glimmered there was no sound other than the hordes of collages.
All the weapons and the unfinished masonry was there for the taking, not even hid. And yet throughout all of this one sided raid, why did they still feel like the losing side?
Like laughing were the silence, not even noticed by the ones who resided here. 



Many eons before the great cities rose their great walls, before there was any great cities shimmering and glimmering with the stolen dreams of many, there was a great collective. From many worlds did they come together and discuss the plain and the deep, the unbelievable and the truth which can never be told.
They became as one great empire, as one clan, as one tribe and as one family. They made great strides towards finding out the truths and testing themselves, many created houses to dig deeper into the flesh of truth.
Many unearthing things did they find, yet none of those were the things they were trying to prove. The secrets of reality and origin of the whispers the mistress of nothingness whose pale hands hold the fabric on which our lands are put.
One by one they did manage to grasp the fabric themselves, but the fabric had a mind of its own. The more they pulled on the fabric from mistresses hands the more she pulled them inwards to the depths of void.
And there did they find the veil, but it did not budge like the fabric around it, it was like a stone thrown on top of the fabric tangling itself with it and stopping from anyone stealing the fabric from it.
Even the mistress herself would plead the veil to move, but it struck even harder pushing the void deeper into the pit.
The pit was a finding the collective had constructed, by many eons and many sacrifices, did they finally create something unruly, something so amass to oppose creation itself.
Round it was like a blank dark point pinned to dispense, the larger they made the less could the see into it. The more they feed it the more it grew, this was the pit, the true ascension.
Truly magnificat it was to the eyes of unknowing, no matter how much light did they shine into it, did it not spell its secrets, until that faithful day.
Once they threw a fine line of glimmering hope, did they slowly count it down deeper and deeper into the pit, as if it was already striking the bottom of the pit it held it self in un-suspense, but the pit hungered more, deeper and deeper into the pitch black slumber of eternity.
Then the wise men decided to stop giving it the fine line, and started pulling it back out from the pit, and so did they start pulling on the line, but the veil pulled back, it was like the fine straight line which could never arose any subliminal tangling in itself somehow manage to get tangled,
and they say the great tangle, many more folds of more the same line had been previously put into this pit, so much more than they could ever fathom, and there it was in its all greatness, the center of it all, tangling all of the straight lines like if the winds could howl into all directions.
A new world in itself, catering more fields than their space in many times over, but none of them had the faith to step into the pit, none other than one of the collective elders.
He was the founder of the collective, with visions of pit before they unearthed it. The orchestrator of it all. He said:
"For further journey, we must unveil the pit and let light shine through. I will go, and i alone. If i will not return, it will be counted for further tales."
And so they, did anchoring him into the fine line they and slowly descended him closer and closer into the pit. The closer to the veil they lowered him, the more smaller did he seem, until they could not see him anymore.
Some time had passed and nothing had happened, and so the remaining elders decided to pull him back. Some of the highest collective members were against this decision, declaring of "What could we spawn by bringing flesh from the pit!?"
But even after long debates, they pulled and pulled, but it did not budge, just like previously.
And so it was concluded, that no member of collective was allowed to be lowered into the pit and let her hands wrap anymore of them more.
And so did time pass, as they conducted more tests and writings about the pit, theories uncovered, but all was subliminal to the treasure throve behind the veil.

--METAMORPHOSIS--

The faithful day had arrived, and did the lands shook in terror, all see-through materials became opaque and colored black and then shattered in fine dust.
And when the shouting about the pit was heard all across the first city, did the highest members of collective gather around the pit, but there was no pit, not at least the same, since the pit wasn't void of light anymore.
It was like an unveiling of greatness was there for them to behold, many eons had passed after the great elder was lowered, and now he arose, like a king returning for his rightful thrown.
and so he greeted the gathered collective with a loud and proud voice "We alone stand tall, we alone stand alone in this world of darkness. Our wisdom led us to victory, to light, to truth behind the veil."
And many started asking him all about the inside of the pit and many tales he did told, but the one and most important as to what did he make of himself for eons inside the pit.
Like an elude snake, he always re-ordered the questions about his whereabouts into something else other than that which we was become.
"The veil is no more. We are to march into our new rightful land, expand out kingdom."
And so did they send many soldiers and scholars into the pit one by one, then group by group, then legion by legion.
But no matter how many did they send the lands always stretched further than the horizons.
Meanwhile back at the homelands of the collective the new great elder showed the collective new tools to harness their dreams and lot, to bring it to the new world. 
And so was done the manuever of a clever man, to switch a whole kingdom and all of its subordinates and switch them into where he came from, and substitute them with his own kingdom at the home of the collective.
Once the last scholars were engraved into the walls of the pit, did the pit lose its strength and it was veiled. But they did not notice, because the new lands were so much more than their homeland.
bewitched by the glimmering new hope and realization of great old dreams, did they start making their cities, more and greater than their homeland. 
Many eons had passed and the new collective had made great cities on their new land, their techniques had surpassed of any neighboring lands. They created great walls, mastered the art of light.
Created more great cities and expanded themselves, but some still had in their blood the feel of unwelcome and a longing into their old lands beyond the veil.
But at one point did they realize, how their own lands started losing its shade of colors. Faded did everything become the closer it resided to the old great veil.
And they made a finding of sacrificing light into the pit, did it's hunger subdue. For this world was greater than the old, thus making the smaller world envy of the glimmer, and so did it steal light and dreams so that it could also shine bright.
If not moderated, all lands closest to the veil would crumble and so the night sky would fade into a gradient of truth, where half of the skies would be dead and the other half alive.
And so all of collective started the great solution. The great theories pale in boldness if the great solution. "Worlds clinging to each other by passages of old, hearing whispers of plenty. Envy arose, and if envy is let bloom all lands will be no longer fertile."
"Let the worlds live in equilibrium. let the old world metamorphosis into a reflection of our great lands. Let our hope and dreams be shared."
And so did they begin a great scavenge all directions of the skies. Taking half and bringing it back, so that the lesser world would no longer be lesser and be as great as ours.
Many scavengers who went on finding great lights all around the empty skies, filled with possibilities, did they find their dreams and after bringing the lights they returned back into the place they took the lights from, creating their own fertile lands.
And so did the great pit feed itself with what the veil got offered, bringing it past the veil into the old world. And so did the great old cities start glowing many times more bright.

As the great old cities glowed more and more did the all of creation next to it look paler and paler, in all of its glory and glories, did it shine through the skies and dim all other lands in comparison to the great old cities.
And after holding so much light, dreams and hopes, could the flood gates no longer hold the light int he great old cities, and the great blight happen, elevating all glimmer int he skies making all of shimmer more vibrant than ever before.
But the great old elder did not like this, and began work on the great cities, bewitching them. Rising great walls so tall and mighty, no soul has ever dreamt of.
And so did after many eons th great cities grow by many folds. After finished with the great cities, did the great old elder create legions after legions of those whose ashes are plenty int he sand.
Arose from the dead, he brought many horrible things. Elasting tensions between the gods following the flow of which had happened and did not happen. So did his eyes grow more black the more he summoned forth the things he swept in his time in the pit.
Many forgotten whispers he heard and their misted advice he adhered and followed, casting circles around and on himself making him closer to a god.

As you may know for someone to become a True God, they will need to go through the ascending, which is needed of approval of the highest order among gods, the High Covenant.
Becoming a True God without the allowance of the High Covenant, will result on extermination by the hand of one of the High Covenant.
However as you may have realized, this great old elder had many things in mind before even starting the collective, stirring the very chaos this tale tries to shed a light into.
By outside held from certain someone the ascension was closer to completion than should have let happen. There are some eyes always watching our every moves, but the hands tied to the eyes are not able to alter our standing, but sometimes, the eyes deceive and want us to believe they are not capable of what they actually are.
Just after the ascension there was a quick an decisive murder of a True God, whom had just ascended. This was the reason why all the outer worlds gods and many other who were tuned in the happening were outraged about the unfairness, so they started pouring in from all around the other worlds demanding and ready to fight for their own life.

As things moved forwards, as the great old elders spells came close to finishing, did the habitants of many lands have their own take on the shared light flowing from the great old cities.
Making the flowing light their own, they made their land fertile again. Joyful were the times, after the great flood from the great cities. But alas, short lived it was, when the casted circles surrounded themselves and enriched themselves with the whispers of old, making the spells have their own toughs and minds.
Grasping weapons and holding shields, did they start marching all the corners of the skies where the great flood had flew, taking back what they saw as rightfully theirs.
As great and minor gods clashed in the sky, and the legion became adherent and amassed, did the great collage start.

On the other side of the veil, the habitants of the many worlds, varied in many ways, some driven by the madness to return to the old home and some embraced the new and found ways to linger in this new world.
Just like their blood is passed down by generations, so is the will to return to the pit. Baited by whispers of great fortune even after eons many still were driven by madness, trying to reclaim something they could not even grasp of it's origin.
