In old times where a great empire laid, it's people giving their sacrifice to keep their lives afloat the sinking mist of their misdeeds.
In due time the people of the great empire noticed that the gods did not listen anymore, and so started a long cry, a grievous period of silence where the scent of lures fluffed the air.
After 4 weeks the people started questioning their devotion and their trust of the gods they admired, so they sent a battalion escorting a high priestess towards the great peak of Ephesus.
They traveled through the crimson forests and soaked their garments and laid their arms against beasts of the full moon, oh so brave were those warriors to held guard against those vile things
even when deprived from hope, even when abandoned by their gods they kept their vow to die rather than disgrace their blood names.
And so was, after ten more days the high priestess gained their footing on the ledge of the temple their forefathers built on the ground works of trust and loyalty.
There it was. The land above ground, the land which only the pure had ever layed their sinful eyes upon. The lands of their gods.
So quiet it was, the wind touching the travelers faces like a morning wash, greeting the brave who crossed the finish line.
Other tinier mountain peaks made out to represent laws. The trees of plentiful harvest. The Marble roads which each lead to other destinies at which on each end there were giant statues representing each god.
And so our high priestess and his only guard left humbly walked through the sacred land. There was no spoken hearsay, no cries nor sick coughing, only the wind spoke in its tong.
So in this landscape at the top of the mountain having its wast land hidden inside the peak of the mountain, there in the middle of the lands, layed waste a giant pit.
This pit with its intricate carvings which served as stepping stones like a staircase into a cellar, and since the high priestess and his guard did not hear nor see anyone, they continued towards the deeper parts of the pit.
Suddenly a giant cusp of wind struck their noses and rang like a terrible smell, so queer to the unexpected telling them to head back and to tend to their families and those who they love because what ever it was down there was not worth.
Tightening his leather gloves into fist, the guard took the lead, with his right hand holding an torch whose flames spoke in a tong of light, and his left hand on the wall ever so hitting an dent of an carving, which continued throughout the pits interior.
At nine'th circling around the pit stairs, the walls has changed completely from a delicate carving and life, to red and black and many strokes of that of a blade.
And so the guard stopped, her grace shook the guards shoulder explain. And the guard slowly raised his finger towards an giant finger in the staircase, whose length was that of an whole block of stone which the staircase consisted of. 
"A finger of a angel" the high priestess whispered, but little did they know no angles where there, only gods and dead ones.
Stepping on the land at the bottom lair of the pit their feasted their eyes on a battleground. So many things and gods of familiar and many more stones in a shape of gods and things with faces carved into them depicting horrors or unpleasant tells.
As the guard walked he noticed clang hitting back of his shoe, as he turned around to reaffirm the high priestess, she was gone and it was one of her many rings, which had befell and clanged his foot.
A man and a bat conspired into one thing with two wings like black tarp, but not flying, instead crawling the surroundings like a centipede.
Taking his stance he readied for battle, and after a long night at his last breath he gathered all his strength for one last push, and a sliding noise was heard like a fast pedal rowing the waters sliced through the thing like butchers knife.
Followed by a black mist a tall hooded figure appeared behind the guard, assuring it was dead. Hearing this the guard stunned from the presence managed to overcome the fear and the smell of imminent calling to the forefathers and turned around.
There it was with its one red glowing eye in its overshadowed face, it said: "I come in piece."
And the guard asks: "Where are my gods? You surely aren't like any of the gods me and my people admire."
To which the entity said: "I Am not. I came here for justice, these things which you call gods are not. They do not desire your best intent."
"Like larva bleeding you to die, mere impostors of gods, a flock of miskito's . Drinking mortal blood to reap an army of flymen, weeping the lands and making themselves gods of all, which is why i brought justice"
"Young man, what will you do know? Go to your people and set them free of these chains of blood."
After the guard had rested and as he was putting his sword in its sheath, he asked: "What will you do now? After massacring all of these flymen as you call them?"
"And who will be there to stop you? Who will bring you to justice? My brother died this week as the second last guard on my fathers fleet. Why did you not bring the liberation to us, and instead wandering around this wasteland of dead corpses. Do you admire the dead this much?"
The air tightened as so did the God Slayer speak one more time: "My purpose for this journey ends here, where ever there is blood these gods will awaken again and i must keep my stand here, for time to rest."
Ashamed of his sharp tong the man walked away in silence, looking back one more time but laying his eyes to nothing more than a soon to be cemetary.
After a long walk above the pit, he finally got to the surface, back at the marble roads and great destinies. All of their flames stungh but one. One of much older than any of the other ones.
The first destiny. Carvings on its base depicting a tale of fought side, which won. and a flag of an country which the guard did not recognize.
"Who would make their majestic loyalty to this, how would anyone think this would befall joy?"
And there it was in a foreign language written of a cult depicting of a castle, dungeon and a guards fleet before their king.
this man was not aware of it, but he had stumbled into the only mention of the high cult which was erased from the past, the keepers of the night, the securers of piece and the warriors of the veil.
The Sect of Cardinal Pact.
