In a land between worlds, where the world itself encompassed another world, the land of the Godborns.
This is a tale about a young soul traversing the vast realms of worlds and the war that is brewing between gods.

Have you ever heard about an four-legged shell giant carrying the world on top of its shell, well there is, and on top of this shell are smaller beings carrying another platform that hosts another group of animals carrying next stage.
This loop carries out unit the very peak, where there is a great structure, the Celestia.
In the great Celestia there is a tree, this tree has no leaves, only branches and on the other end of these branches there are these black sphere like fruits.
Under every fruit there is a basket. From these fruits creatures are born and fell into these baskets after birth.
But when they fell out to these baskets they are already grown up.

After a single entity is born they take their first steps towards the entrance of the great Celestia, where they climb down slowly until the reach the land that the great shelled giant tampers on.
This is the land with no boundaries, this is the land that has no curves on its horizon, it puts the concept of the never ending infinity to shame!
In this land the entity is bound only by its own rules that it fells under.

Lets go back to the tree that bears fruit to these entities.
These fruits are unique, because every fruit is different from the previous.
These fruits have a two layers, the inner and the outer.
The outers job is to protect the inner, from any external factors that may harm the inner.

The differences between these fruits cause the inner of the fruit to act differently, where the amount of the so called knowledge is dependent of the inners rules.
These laws affect what is made inside the inner.
But the outer that is a different story, where there is usually only chaos to envelope anyone trying to traverse it to know only pain and agony.
The so called never ending mist, or the never ending rooms and corridors. 

While these outers rules don't rely on making life or intelligence, these rules of the outer also change, causing it to bear life sometimes.
While these life forms don't contribute to the soon to be born creature, they still do their job and keep anything from entering of leaving the inner.
Because of the immense power that the outer puts in those who traverse its land, causes these life forms that originate from the outer to have immense power.

Remember that sometimes the rules of the inner cause it to not to bear anything from itself. Causing everything inside it to die eventually.  
This can also be caused by the entities of the outer absorbing all knowledge and power from the inner, also causing its death.
There however was an exception where there was so great interference from the outside that the habitants of the outer, well... You'll see soon enough...


Many fruits bore life into the land of never ending.
These were great entities that knew of that, that the immortals can't even dream of.
Some giant at size, higher than the shelled giant and its all might.
Some tiny at size, being able to traverse the worlds within the grain of sands.

It was the seventh hundred thirty third fruit where the problems arose.
In the lands of the outer an entity was born, this entity became the first living soul in the whole outer and the inner worlds.
After some of the wandering creatures of the never ending land were inspecting the fruits that the great tree of life was harbouring, they came upon this special entity within the outer rim.
The specialty of this entity was disturbing to the inspectors, and so they held an meeting.
Where they sat around an circle of an enormous radius, so that all of the entities of that land could participate.
Even though all of the entities didn't participate.
The problem was that the entity observed in the seventh hundred thirty third fruits outer world, came to be, simply by the right rules in place.
There was a speculation among the entities gathered around the circle that if this entity was to step to the land of the never ending, it could spread its own laws rapidly everywhere, until it is everything and the nothingness it leaves.
And so the very first operation to stop an godborn from hatching was commenced, even though there was no godborn in that fruit since the outer entity had enveloped the whole fruit to itself.
They made a special containment place to hold the new outer entity.

When the operation finally was a success even after some complications because of the absolute nature of the entity.
After the operation those who participated made a pact to keep the containment secure and making sure it never gets out.
They also started to monitor more heavily the new fruits from that points onward.

This is the containment protocol that they used:
If an instance other than the godborn from the fruit can have potential cause to the land of the never ending it must be securely contained, so that it could never do so.

These potential causers fell into two categories: Latent and Instant.
Where the Instant has it's effects known basically at the same time its born.
Where as the Latent is more hard to spot, where the potential harm it could cause could appear much after its appearance.
Because they didn't know how many Latents were, they didn't give the first contained ID 0, but it's fruit generation number: 733.

But there was more to the entity-733 than they though, Even when it was miraculously contained and it's spread was prevented, it had already made it's own fruit inside itself.
This was because Entity-733 unlike other entities was the compilation of specific laws, that make it. In other words where these laws take place it will also. But the rules and their content are so fine grained, it appearing somewhere else again would be near impossible.
And so the Entity-733 continued what the fruit it was once held didn't complete, making a godborn.
And so it began making a new inner and outer. Because of the somewhat sentient nature of Entity-733 it optimized the following:
    - Entity based outer system
    - Intelligent civilization for information gathering for the godborn.
    - Teach the outer entities abilities to guard the godborn, and destroy other godborns if they could cause harm to their godborn.
It was an beautiful world unlike the most other fruit inner worlds, it had massive clouds of gas radiating gradients beautiful for the eyes.
Punctures in the spacetime that gathered everything around them like they were dancing in a harmony crashing one into another making sparks longer than most lifetimes.

Now with the context told, we can start our little adventure in the lands between in the land that never rains, where only few are alive.
In outer, where our antagonist resides in a inn. A boy with a black scarf. However this boy started to act unexpectedly compared to what Entity-733 has simulated beforehand.
Before the Entity-733 Started to take action of disposing the scarf boy, an sudden presence of someone looking over the shoulders of Entity-733, the whole world that Entity-733 made froze, where only the Entity-733 was able to continue.
And there was this voice stating that He was in no circumstances to proceed disposing of the boy in question. The world itself started to look rotten and as if it was screaming from the terror that this voice carried, it was definitely from something even older than the tree bearing the fruit in which Entity-733 came from.
"Do as i say and i will let you be, don't fret your goal will proceed to fruition."
And so the world suddenly started to continue again, and it was as if nothing ever happened, and so Entity-733 did not stop scarf boy from exiting the outer domain into inner domain.
And so the outer usually called the scarf boy started his journey within galaxies and worlds between these vast ocean of sparkling realms.