Edward and Arthur heard from a their friend who is a spy for the Phantoms giving information here and there.
The information was about a big operation held in near Red Sea and Egypt.


After hearing this Edward started making a plan to destroy Magnus Roma one and for all.
Edward: "Arthur, do you know about transportation routes that Roma uses in the south?"
Arthur: "Somewhat, are we riding one?"
Edward: "No, no exactly. Since the rapid expansion of Magnus Roma, the empire has expanded throughout the mediterranean sea and so it is heavily guarded."
"Especially now that they have their "Magnus" operation on the Egypt. But we have an advantage here"
Arthur: "What?"
Edward: "If our intel is correct then the thing that Magnus Roma is digging down in Egypt is an ancient weapon capable of flattening whole countries."
"If our intel is also correct then according to the Magnus Romas own investigation team has analyzed the construct to have an maximum operational range of Middle Africa and almost the whole mediterranean sea."
"And if Magnus Roma wants to use this new toys of theirs, they would have to transfer it to a closer place to France than Egypt."
Arthur: "And where is our advantage in this? The whole Sea is highly operational and in heavy scrutiny all the time."
Edward: "And that is exactly why they wont move the construct through the sea, but by land."
"First of all thanks to our great intel, the construct hasn't been dug up completely and it already weights hundreds upon hundreds of tons, so they probably have a heavy workload on building a railway system able to carry such monstrous weight."
"The railway has two disadvantages, the bridges-"
Arthur: "And here i though we would be using the construct to blow the Roma into ashes."
Edward: "The bridges aren't the weak part, well yes they are in terms of defense, but that is not what i meant by bridges being an disadvantageous"
"Arthur, what time of the year is it down there in Roma right now?"
Arthur: "Same as ours, it's fall."
Edward: "Exactly and the fall semester is when the special bridge deployment units get their apprentices meaning they will be slow at start and then slowly catch the pace."
"This will give us a head start with time, since the probability that a child that studies in the special bridge has higher probability that his or her parents were construction workers."
"And since the school law prohibits the parents to be the on the same work team as the studying apprentice, and because the project is so massive and the time to make it takes a long time, makes so that the families themselves move to closer to the working place for the parents and a closer place for the child."
"With all that said the majority of the bridge builders need to wait for the excavation and ground construction builders have finished."
"The high demand on work force will also weaken the sea checking systems, where each passenger is checked for license and ID, since the guards start to remember certain people they probably wont check them more than few times."
"And that is our "get in pass", Arthur your job is to find two similar people that commute from the sea to the Egypt, since not all families have the luxury of moving where ever the workplace needs you to."
"We will commence our intrusion on the second week, 5 days should be enoughs for a Magnus guard to recognize, since their training was similar to ours."
"After infiltrating the Egyptian land, we will go to the east side of the red sea, we will need to make some groundwork there before we start our main operations in the second week."
"Knowing with all the Magnus Roma standard procedures to setup massive projects, it will probably take them 1-2 weeks to get everything ready to start work, giving us that exact amount of time to get close the to our ship."
"Any questions?"
Arthur: "No, sir! I will start immediately on the task at hand."
Edward: "Great to hear, I will start making preparations with our friends in the east coast."

Meanwhile in the south pole Antarctica, scarf boy is in search of an artifact in an ruin of an old city belonging to old horrors.
scarf boy shouts from a nearby giant mound of ice and snow: "Have you found anything?"
The echoes of scarf boy can be heard as it bounces between the thick walls of the massive ice cave that they're in.
Storm Star: "Just ice after ice, are you sure that this is the place that the locals talked about? It seems really.. Empty."
scarf boy: "Positive! I also checked their historical references in the Frances great library, the expedition that took place few millennia ago."
Storm Star: "Speaking about France, who do you think is going to win?"
scarf boy: "Oh you mean the great war that is between the Magnus Roma and the France Empire?"
"Remember we don't meddle with other species and their history or state of things, it is only fair if the problem at hand is or was caused by an outsider like us, then we should clean it up."
Storm Star: "Earth is my birth planet, how would it not be my concern?"
scarf boy: "Do what you must but don't expect my assist in the endeavour, although i doubt you will need one."
scarf boy said it with a warm smile.
Star Storm: "I know, but.. it's just that its hard for me to understand why Magnus Roma want to expand its territory so much. And is it to blame? If all the nations were under the jurisdiction of Magnus Roma, wouldn't it be more peaceful then?"
"Its just hard for my to make my mind who to see as the ally and who as the foe."
scarf boy: "In war nobody is the good guy, everyone suffers from the other side."

scarf boy stumbles into an hidden entrance.
scarf boy: well look what we have here.
Star Storm: "More creepy corridors going even more deep into the chasm, do we have to go there? I have a bad feeling about this place."
scarf boy: "Aww you gonna cry? Don't worry i'm going there alone and leave you here also alone~"
scarf boy makes goofy and scary faces and waves with his arms.
scarf boy: "oOoOooh~ scary ghosts are going to eat your hair ooOoOoOOooh~"
Storm Star looks with a disappointed look on her face.
Storm Star then grabs scar boys scarf and drags him with her into the creepy corridor stairs.

After descending for some time, they found themselves in a straight corridor leading to an old rustic black door far away.
When the two get closer the to door scarf boy suddenly takes an battle stance and grabs Storm Star hand and puts her behind him to shield her from the door.
Storm Star: "Huh, where? behind the door?"
scarf boy: "No, but the door.. it is same as the one in my dream."
Storm Star: "And the door has manifested into reality? What harm does it pose?"
scarf boy: "The dream was more like an message with an powerful entity, that is pure evil, and that door is really similar to the black door that led me to him in my dreams."
Storm Star: "Should we fallback and call for ElecTriCity?"
The moment she says the name of an old and powerful god, the door starts to rumble and an loud rustic noise is heard all around the caverns as the door slowly open up.
The tensions rise higher and higher, until what is behind the door reveals itself.
The moment scarf boy has an clear sight on the target he plunges toward the room but as soon as he closes the distance enough he stops and lowers his guard.
scarf boy has an distant look on his face.
Storm Star: "Next time you decide to plunge in like that please tell me in advance..." 
Storm Star notices scarf boys expression and takes a look at a old rustic medal placed on top of a clean table.  
Storm Star: "The table seems to be clean, someone has been here not long ago."
scarf boy: "I didn't know it was possible to be able to capture it..."
Storm Star slowly moves towards the seal on the table-
scarf boy shouts: "Wait! What are you doing!?"
At this point Storm Stars fingers were close enough to the seal to activate the mechanism.
Suddenly a muffled buzzing could be heard under the floor and a light blue tinted jagged lines started flowing from the medal outwards.
The door suddenly closes and the noises get louder and louder, scarf boy quickly pull Storm Star towards himself.
scarf boy: "That was close. What were you thinking!?"
Storm Star looks confused: "I didn't know the medal would activate a tra-"
scarf boy: "What medal? It has been there the whole time, the Pillar Seal."
At this point Storm Star finally starts to see past the illusion, i giant pillar made of various stones, some of marble some of granite and under the pillar was a pit.
Storm Star deceived by the illusion flew to the pillar while thinking the was walking a lot slower pace than she really was.
The pillar was handcrafted it had markings of names, forgotten words and songs which cannot be heard.
The activation of the trap started to shake the pillar until it started to crack, on the instant moment when the pillar started to show weakness to the rumbling it shattered like a thin plate and soon turned into ashes, which the giant gush of wind from the pit threw away from the room.
At this point before Storm Star could even realize There it was right in front of her appeared a long man with black fabric it just appeared after a click sound.
At this point scarf boy started to run towards Storm Star but to no vail, since to its perspective all was moving slowly like an afternoon waltz.
She could only see the moments where it longed its neck toward her face right in front of her and with a smile which grew and grew and grew, until his smile was all around its face.
And she could see its mouth like part move, and she heard the voice of an old man in his head with a loud base:
"You lose"
At this point Storm Star started to realize that she was a sinking ship in grasps of the great kraken, no matter what she would try it was already over.
One of its hand grew closer to her and its fingernails was like shattered glass shards which each grew independently from each other from the tip of its finger.
And as soon as it was there, it was gone.
After scarf boy finally was close enough, he tried to fight the thing, but it was gone.
Storm Star collapsed to her knees and from the sheer pressure from it, made her vomit.
This was the first time she had felt this amount of pressure since the incident with the undead ruler.
After a moment of silence scarf boy said in a quiet tone:
"Now that the man of deceive, a chaos order follower, messenger of exiled."
"This is bad, this means that They finally have a way to contact outside of their world again after the war."
"Star, we need to stop it before its too lat-"
Storm Star: "What do you mean by stopping it, didn't you see it he toyed with us. He didn't even bothered to fight us. How are we supposed to stop that thing!?"
scarf boy: "The same way as they did before us."
Storm Star: "who they?"
scarf boy: "Those who built that pillar."
"We need to find the them or the way that they did it in the past."
Storm Star: "Do you believe we could handle this by ourselves, shouldn't we get ElecTriCity for help?"
scarf boy: "What do you mean by getting ElecTriCity? He is already here, he's always with you after the contract. I believe that is why it couldn't fight us and fled while locking us in this trap."
Storm Star: "Why would there be a trap?"
scarf boy: "I guess it was in case of the pillar would be broken by inside, when the room removes the door, making this an room whiteout a door."
Storm Star: "So we're trapped here?"
scarf boy: "For the time being yes, until we find the mechanism and prove it we aren't it."
