I, the book writer and in pursuit of facts of this world, have stumbled on something I’m not sure I want to write about. 
Every time I think about it I get this feeling of belonging of something that I cannot really put to words, it feels like this hot steam like fog on my forehead pushing me back to slumber. The more I try to write this to you the more I feel in danger like something is waiting for me to slip up and write something so queer and so out of this world that it’ll have the right to snatch me to the unknown where fate worse than I can muster to fear exists. 
On the outskirts of civilization there was this small and peaceful village near the great eastern river, deep in a heavily forested area.  At that time, it was near the end of the winter holiday season. It was the next place for me to visit on my list of places to visit and so I decided to go there. After I arrived at the last village that was connected via road I asked around  and according to the locals the people where I was going, were mostly old people and some kids. Most of the young men had to move out, when the factories had to close up some time ago. So I got myself a ride there with a small fishing crew who offered me a cheap passage through the river downstream to the old village I was going to.
One of the fisherman asked me about why I was going there, I had this feeling of being unwanted, he had this mix of concerned and curiosity on his face, but I’m not sure since he was mostly looking around the thick grove that surrounded the shores of this prolonged river. Since I had maybe more formal clothing on than the average villager in the last town I was in probably made the fisherman think that I was some king of man of business coming to check whether to put up industrial machinery like those old and rusted ones back at the town. I explained that I was a writer who writes about interesting knowledge of this world, a little hobby of mine nothing serious. The tense feeling quickly dissipated as the man replied with a question about, what is so special about the place. I didn't read much into it at that time, but now after the fact I can clearly see that he was in fear, going back to his birthplace. I never figured out what really was it, but to this day I see it in my dream, going back to that place like it hymns me into a sweet slumber, making me walk in my dream back to that place, even if it mean to walk by the river bed all the way to that old place. I brushed his question with the usual "blame the curiosity". 
Not long after our decent to one of the smaller branches of the river, I could no longer keep track where we were, as we passed by more and more seemingly repeating vegetation around the river. While the captain of the small crew was walking past me to get something in the rear, he noticed my slight confusion on the matter of repeating grove around us and he said: "As long as you follow the current downstream you'll get out eventually; storms can be a real headache". repeating the last part few times under his breath while he walked by.
As the night clawed closer, the nature did not elongate the luminance of the day any further than it had to and just like that, it was like looking into a dry well. even with my anxious nerves I knew I had to go sleep, since I as much focus that I could muster once we were there. And so I went below the deck and looked for the closest thing to a bedding and found a thin blanket put over the chest where they stored fishing equipment decided to rest there until dawn. After a sleep that felt like waiting in the hospital reception, I was woken up by one of the fishermen. After waking up and climbing those really slippery wooden stairs, of the dock the boat was tied to, I went back to the river side and washed my face with the water and got spook by the water touching my face. I already had forgotten how cold the water was during winter seasons. After coming to my senses, waking up fully by the sheer cold splash of water on my face, I finally turned back to the port, and started walking towards the mid-point where the shore and the mossy stone brick path made a cross like sign. 
When i tried to make my gaze towards the walk path, to look at the village I saw my final destination, the village! I walked towards the first house which was facing towards the cliff opening towards the shore I came through. I noticed that all of the houses were held few meters above ground the ground with some really old and shady woodwork and some cobblestone placing. I think it was to prevent houses being swept by floods. As I walked closer to the first house presenting itself high and mighty, I noticed two more houses on the right side of the small road, opposite side of the road facing towards the giant stonework behind the first house. As the most of the pathway was covered via a thin cover of snow, Between the houses, where the road became slightly more wide, there was this frozen onsen, with really warm water, but the strange thing was that it was really small, and the whole thing was made by ice and snow, I’m not sure how the ice did not melt away, since it clearly was hot from the water vapor rising as it bubbled away. It had this nice aroma to it. And so with my curiosity I tried my hand on it and it felt really hot and citric, somehow. I'm not sure how, but my arm tasted a citric flavor, but that is what I felt. I chose not to dive deeper into the frozen onsen mystery. It was there. Right next to it way above the frozen onsen there was the first house you could see when you turned right from the shore.
I decided to climb the wooden planks, and as I was and old man came out and greeted me and asked: "What is a young soul like yours doing in this corner of the world?" As i struggled to get a grip from the slippery planks that had frost built on them, from the vapors of the frozen onsen below, I answered, to write a book. I finally managed to pull my upper body into the floor boards, and then suddenly my left leg lost traction and it slipped and my heart felt like it drops from its cage, luckily I regained my footing and managed to climb the rest into the wooden terrace or whatever you could call that weird woodwork. While resting on the upper floor deck of the planks and catching my breath, I reminisced last time I had felt like this. It was in the junior high, where I almost drowned in the indoor swimming pool after jumping from the ten meters and my same left leg twitched just as I was to jump. 
While I was reminiscing the past I realized that the old man was speaking this whole time about some sugar prices or something, because then it captured my gaze like a flash from a camera, blinding me with curiosity and wonder. Even as the houses were suspended few meters above the ground, the stone slabs behind the houses went much higher than the rooftops of the houses. Now I was more interested about these inanimate stone works than the people I came here for. So I interrupted the old man rudely and asked, what are these stone slabs for?
The old man was kind enough to stop talking about the sugar prices and humored me, as he said: "It is from the old stone crushing facility I used to work at." From below the houses you could not see as clearly since most of the slabs and their overhangs were covered by these thick roots. The roots were queer, like they were brought from below the crust. They had these chunks of dirt on then. The roots did not seem like something that would grow overtime, no this was like it was risen from the embers from the deep below, like the whole village was risen from the crust below. After the first house in the front of the intersection, that I had managed to climb on its floor boards, which were elevated for few meters above ground, I realized that there were these slopes, made out of the same stone slabs, after the first house and almost in between each house. 
These ramps were at the lower part manageable to maybe walk on, although with the current weather and my luck I did not want to push it, but the higher you would go with the ramp the steeped the slope began to be. It was like from the mathematical equations I once saw my teacher draw on the board, it was these exponential curves. This ramp of stones looked like that, but it was hard to fully discern, since I could only see the raps from the front and not from the sides, since the sides were as high as the stone slabs behind the houses. On the top of the stone walls there were these overhangs and tiny holes, like what you can have ventilation holes for a basement. But these were above ground, much higher than the rooftops of the village houses. The stone slabs had to be thick, I first tried to push one, trying to see if it would budge, it did not. Then I tried putting a piece of my clothing and then ear to my cloth since I did not want my ear to snap of from the freeze. But as I was about to put this little piece of my shirt, I touched it with my bare hands, it was warm. like a tea left for some time, it had warmth, much more than the surrounding freezing air, but if I were to compare to an temperature of an office room, I would say it would be as warm if not warmer. So I tucked my shirt back and this time put my ear into the wall and knocked on the slab, and as the weird not being already weird, I did not hear any signs of the interior being hollow inside, it was as solid as a rock through and through.
The tiny opening below the overhangs were too high for me to peep from, although I could clearly see that there was no steam nor hot air coming from them, I tried to listen but the squeaks of the old wooden floor while the old people were walking made it impossible to hear. So if I wanted to hear, I had to come back later when everybody else is in their sleep. If it was not for the winter season I would have gone through into the stone slopes, although there is one thing that I did not want to notice this whole time, I knew it was there but it just made no sense, no justification to exist. I tried to not look at them, hoping I would first get some more reasonable answers that would justify such bizarre presence. At the end of each ramp, there was these giant openings like for a castle door, with a round arch at the ceiling of the said doors, again almost filled solid with the same muddy roots. If I could dare myself to climb the certainly frozen stone slopes I could squeeze myself through those. So I finally asked the old man who was still talking about the earlier, rudely stopping him in mid-sentence. "What are these ramps for? How do you put stone in there if you can’t even make it up there?" 
The old man answered: "The ramps were there for the children of the village not to accidentally trying to climb into the stone valves. We push the unprocessed rocks into the stone holes, from above the openings, it was the only way not getting any more children wondering down there and getting themselves crushed like poor little Jonathan." The air became stale, like a bitter dream becoming a reality again, drowning the good freezing day into torment. After some time reminiscing in pure silence he went back to his home, I did not have time to ask if I could have stayed over for the night. 
"He blames himself for what happened that day"- I hear behind me. It was the third house, second from the right turn from the frozen onsen, on the opposite side of the stone road of the old mans house. I did not need to climb down and then back up again, since the houses were connected with this shady looking woodwork with the squeaky pillars holding my weight. I tried carefully sneak closer and closer to the old lady speaking to me. The old lady said "Hah! You walk even slower than my mother did right before she died!" I explained how I was not keen of high places, and the old lady tried to assure me that the woodwork will do its job as it was intended to. After a painfully long time of walking on the of the woodwork, the old lady grunted "took you long enough". From what I could tell she reminded me of my grandpa who even in his late life still acted like a young man full of vigor ready to pounce into adventure. I think it’s because they know that if they stop even for a moment their days would be over. She told me about the story of how the old man was once the village chief and he was also the manager of the stone company here. She filled me with the sad story of what went down that fateful day, when the son of the village chief was missing for few days for then only to find her crushed corpse few weeks later. 
I'm not sure what part of the story she told me was real and delusions of old people, since she started to speak of how she once had this feeling that after the incident one of the stone slabs was like watching her, and how the eye of the son was embedded into it, with this deaths gaze, yearning for death, to stop the agony. But I was lying if I would say that I did not have similar feeling of something piercing my skin every time I would turn around in this place, like turning around would be the last thing I should ever do. 
Since that trip started I lived in the village for quite a while helping the elders and learning some fishing too with the locals, I slept in the harbor in one of the locals fishing boats. I have keep having these similar nightmares, where I would find myself in the same village again, but there are no one anywhere, and just the howling of the sound. Everywhere is the lush noise of the leaves like whispering something sweet, and the fresh like an cold grape that you would buy from the market freshly picked from the vineyard. Everywhere there is this lush life and sound but the stone. The stone is quiet. The stone does not whisper. The stone does not concur with your thoughts, it's like when you rise up too quickly and everything becomes black for a moment. When I look at the stone I don't feel anything or hear anything, it is just like that black cloud that envelopes your senses. It is like an invitation to come and rest, from all the noise and anxiety. So i slowly climb the slope, covered in a thin layer of snow which feels like Styrofoam, a slippery layer but when you brush it off, it easily reveals the black stone underneath. So I won't raise my legs, instead I fray my shoes against the stone wall, like a snow shovel, picking up the snow before me, one movement of the leg at a time. Then i get to the point where the slope is too steep for me to stand on it, so I use my hands to push myself away from both sides of the wall, giving me some grip. 
Then I was at the doorway of the gaping hole, which was mostly filled with the same dried muddy roots. After i manage to squeeze myself past the small opening, I'm faced with a stoned wall yet again, there is nowhere to go other than right, after few meters I turn right again, still going up. After few painfully slow moments of climbing the stone floors up, which was way more steeper inside than outside. At least there was no snow inside the tunnel. Then I went left, and after few meters I went left again, but I had to stop there. Until now I had to go up, giving me a chance to go out easily, but after the second left turn, the slope was no longer going up, but steeply down, I could risk it. After all the place was yearning for me to come and take a loop. The deeper I went to more the air started to smell like something and not the nothingness. But then it struck me, I rushed out, I ran, I had to. just sliding down the slope outside was not fast enough, I had to run, the heart was pounding I was like in fight or flight response. I flew I did not think. Just for a moment so short I finally realized, the emptiness that I felt from the stone. The silence, the lack of smell it never was nothing, it was because at that time I felt like nothing. Because it reminded me of the place I was when I was as a child, the morgue. The smell that I could not point out clearly what it was, was rot and flesh. When I came close to the doorway, the brush of the dried muddy roots, felt like hanging intestines, dried up and molded, which made them chunky. I did not look back, I ran like a tog tail between its front paws. After waking up to such nightmares again after again, I decided to visit the same place again. 
I had to confirm, if the roots were roots. I climbed gripping the blister wooden stairs in the port where the boat was anchored. So I managed to pull myself and climb aboard the wooden platform that swayed with the tides that the river and the boat made while the crew of the ship that I arrived with moved about. After walking slowly the port to keep it from swaying more than it already did. After regaining my balance on solid ground I finally started moving faster, like all that feeling I was harboring was starting to spill into my legs, making me walk and run cycling in between. After I walked along the shore to the left of the harbor I came to the cross section, where those stones slabs made their first appearance, like an opera of red curtains slowly revealing what is behind them. Then I stood still and turned right, and there it was. it was there. I came to the intersection of the two paths again, this time on the right side there was in the roundabout area just stone floor, there wasn't anything that deep nor was the snow that high last time I came, that the frozen onsen would be at. The first house in the opposite side of the intersection was still these with its squeaky sounding woodwork as the wind hindered it side to side, like it was hymning to this song of wind. The two houses to the right of the interdiction were still there, albeit I did not see the old lady there anymore, maybe she decided to sleep in. The house the old lady lived in, was straight on the other side of the road, where on the opposite side the giant slope was. On the opposite side of the old man’s house, I never got to see who lived there. I Clearly could see the rest of the houses down the road on the right side of the intersection after the old ladies house, but my purpose this time was one and one thing. I did not climb the woodwork this time and after witnessing that things were as they were I went back to the boat in the harbor until night came. 
After nightfall, I made my way with a lantern on my right hand, illuminating my way in the moonless sky. With my footsteps masked by the cicadas and other wildlife I made my way in the nights eye, back to the start of the slope. Without the snow covering the stone, it surely was to be easy to climb, albeit this is real and not a dream. I touched with my left hand to see if the stones were wet or dry, and not to my surprise it was dry as this paper before I drown it with the black ink. The warmth of the stone was still there, like it stood there welcoming me back home from a long trip. I put the lantern down and pulled myself above the ledge into the slope, picked up my lantern and tried to slowly advance, each time putting my lantern little further and then making myself past it. After the climb started to be too steep, I hanged the hot lantern by my belt, determined to push through the hot burning metal against my skin through the thin clothes I had on. The real slope felt a lot longer and harder than the one in my dreams, albeit rather familiar, like I knew all the groves like I had seen those groves from close before. After feeling like my skin was about to be peeled off the harsh texture of the slabs, I made my way to the giant doorway. at the ledge I took some time to let my hurting hands to recover from the pain. While waiting I looked up to the overhead filled with thick and chunky roots, and they were indeed just roots covered in hard sediment. As I was resting with my lantern on my side laying on the floor slab next to the slab on the wall the illuminated light at the specific angle gave something away that I did not notice before. The slab next to the lantern had writings on its bottom left corner, the lantern's light gave the groves and helped me to decipher them out. My assumption is that these were the numbers of each stone slab made. "Who would number a stone?" I mumbled under by breath. I took out my small note and started to write down with my small portable pen I had brought just for these kind of situations. As I started to scribe down what I read from each stone close to the floor, since I would not make out what on the roof tiles, since the roof tiles and most of the wall tiles were to high up, with the doorway being at least fifteen or more meters in height.
numbers are as follows:
3.37, 103.37, 173.113, 31.113 for floor tiles, two slabs make the diameter of the floor. I did not go deeper into the doorway for numbers, since I wanted to scribe as much as I could I decided to move slowly. The numbers after the dot seemed to be for the same row, since the slabs on the walls had the same ending numbers on left side: 131.37, 101.37, 113.113, 1733.113 and on right side: 1301.37, 7717.37, 1777.113, 7703.113. I still do not understand to this day why would anyone number these stones and then not putting them in order. After taking note, I picked up my lantern and switched the fuel. Picking up where I left of I started to crawl through the root groves. Even today as I continue writing this nightmare into a piece of paper, readying to be sent to my friend Nichole. I smell the dirt from the roots that my shirt pulled as I was crawling through the doorway. The smell is like after a heavy rain flooding the streets with dead worms. Sometimes I smell it on fresh small tomatoes, reminiscing me of that night. As I continued deeper into the doorway, I stumble on something that closed questions but opened questions for me delirium. The doorway ends up with a wall, there is nothing here, I tried touching it, reaching my hand in this festered tight grove, the wall was way more warm that the floor slabs I was dragging myself through. 
Pushing myself through the roots, putting my ear to the wall and knocking silently, fearing I might make my presence known to someone who I don't want to know I am here. But it was solid, and I did not hear anything, nor did the knock echo throughout the hallway, since the roots covered the most of it. So I did and knocked louder trying to provoke, with my slight frustration with an empty answers. And still nothing, and so, I knocked even louder. Some sort of panic started to fester within me. All this time, all of this for what? Am I really losing my shit for some stupid stones? No there had to be something I am missing.
