Waste...
Futile...

Date: Fall, Climax of operation: Steal Weapon from Magna Roma.

It was fall near the Red sea harbor at Hanish Islands, Arthur and Edward with their supporting friends at arms against Magna Roma.
The main railroad systems were under heavy construction to upgrade them since Magna Roma wanted to transport the weapon through railroads.
This gave Edward and his companions few weeks to overthrow the local Magna Roma Office and guards.

They were waiting for the next boat to transport them from the Island checkpoint into the other side of the red sea.
After they had departed to the other side, few of the men took hold of the place assuring that no transport would occur from this harbour and same thing was then conducted several times on all the harbours between the Left side of the Red Sea.

With few men Edward and his associates had closed all the incoming traffic from Magna Roma to Egypt.

Meanwhile in the research facility in the depths of the ruins, Sara worked hard although she had found a local friend.

Saras diary:
Dear diary-
    It is day 50 and I have been working closely with a fellow archeologists he's a Dr, I call him Dr. Surus.
    He really knows well about this place and it's history. Apparently this field is like a generational thing in their family, hes apparently the fourth generation.
    He has been a lot of help when it comes to subjects like Ancient mechanism and Ancient machines, for and example he found this secret room which looks like some kind of a control bridge.
    He is really young i think he is in his mid twenties or something. 
    He's always ready to help and eager to make progression about the place, he kant stop talking about our projects, even when were eating with fellow Magna Roma people...
    Magna Rom-... Roma... I miss it, you know even tho i have my hands full of work here, when i'm waiting for the composition analyst machine to finish at the tower, i can't help but to gaze at the wast body of water, which lies beyond the horizon.
    I miss home, i can't wait to get this thing back up running again and go see my friends!

Dear diary-
    It is day 52 and we have got a few new guards, they don't seem to be locals, maybe from Magna Roma, although apparently the ships have been damaged by a storm or something, because shipment hasn't moved in or out, for like couple of days now. 
    Dr. Surus and i have been working on the bowl in the center of the control room, i think it's some kind of an control panel, he suggested, that we would need blood or some kind of liquid to fill the bowl.
    I'm against the idea of using someones blood, like cmoon we aren't animals... He did really seem to be sure about it...
    I guess we could try some animal blood, i know! maybe its just water, or oil for the cogs to run properly...
    The more i work on this project, the more it frightens me, no wonder he is so familiar with the ancient culture, it is probably because his parent have just talked and talked about their findings over dinner or something.
    he seems to be a kind, i trust him.

Dear diary-
    It is day 54 and we have been working on the bowl, we have tried water, oil, goat blood, and even some kind of a liquid we found in the storage room, but nothing seems to work.
    I'm starting to think that this is just a decoration or something, but Dr. Surus is really sure about it, he says that he has seen this kind of a bowl before, but he can't remember where.
    Although when we started to pour the animal blood, the device seemed to react with it, although it was abruptly stopped, we don't know why, He suggested, that it might be the DNA structure that the device is listening to.
    In which case that would make it way more advanced, i doubt the ancient civilization had capability to scan DNA.

    Recently i have been having these, dreams of this Greed room, and there is this girl i don't know why, but she seems familiar, Then there is this long bald man, he is like wearing these black robes, and they suddenly grab the little girl and envelope her, i hear screaming and she is squished like a-...
    It's just a dream Sara, you are just tired, so tired that i'm talking to myself again... Have been for the last couple of days, the room it's just so- I don't know how to describe it, it just feels like it wants something from me, i feel like i need to know it on a personal level, but how how would i know, how would i understand what a room has to sa- ...
    I'm looking too much into it, but those light blue lines, like tendrils which grew from the pool when the blood was sacrific-? what am i saying, no way I'll let anybody sacrifice an innocent child just for Science...
    Science this, Science that. What are doing this for anymore, we found the ancient construct, cant Magna Roma just use it as it is, do we have to wake it up?

    The room doesn't have any natural light, so we had to bring our own light there, so it might be that, there is just some fungi reacting to the light and releasing spores, which are making me sick.
    I'll have to get myself checked.

Dear diary-
    It is day 56 and we have made some progress on the construct, about 89% of the construct is now visible and dug out from the surrounding environment thanks to the new machine from HQ.
    The control room has progressed somewhat, we decided to use blood from recently deceased human corpses, and just like Dr. Surus anticipated the machine really seems to react to human kind of blood compared to animal or other kind of substances. 
    We have been trying to connect with HQ but apparently the general routes are decommissioned and the new guard elites gave us a map. Apparently we need to take a detour through the narrows between the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden.
    I was against this change and Dr. Surus seemed really bitter about this, i don't think i have seen him like this before, i wouldn't blame him, after all this detour will cost us at least 2-4 weeks depending on the sand storms. He recovered from these complications rather quickly, i guess the work in itself is more important.
    We have been constructing on site morgue to house all the corpses so that we would be able to conduct progress on the way so that no time is lost,
    I just want to go home, the sooner the better.
    

As the warriors from Arthur and Edward, redirected the passage of the trip towards the Ambush as far from Magna Roma as possible, it happened.
A chain reaction of events that led into a confrontation.

Dear dirary-
    We are sieged by some bandits and ex-warriors with former Red ghost captain leading them, i have fled into the construct control room, they wont be able to find this place, before Magna Roma army gets here. 
    I-

As she is writing in the semi lighted room, she sees It, the same thing from her dreams a long old man with bald head, it did not care of her, since it was only there for commencing.
Meanwhile outside the carried massive construct, Edward and Arthur are arms against the Elite vanguard which the construct was guarded by.
With long game schemes comes advantage, this was the case in this decisive battle, where half of the Elite force was actually replaced by the warrior friends which Edward sent there beforehand.
Admits this conflict between two bitter parties, where the one wants revenge and the other freedom.

At this instant there was a signal, this signal was observed by many 3'rd parties all over the inner world, including Scarf boy and Storm Star.
**As the stars whined in the void between celestial bodies, so did the vast untold depth of a legend return with a decisive move.**
In the control room was a secret told, to a woman which the world would not see in long time. It whispered: "Sit reincarnatio, redeat in throno."
As the words escaped its mouth so did the light from that room. Just asd a mere messenger of mere words, just fluctuations in the air, had the same potential of infinitum, 
A great pillar was risen through the construct, height of thousands reaching the sky and above clouds, a pure judgement to despise the laws of nature, 
**Ahh the great Agony, who have you chosen to reclaim this seat**

Admits the fight on the side east looking west Edward and Arthur as they fight are joined a visitor.
The visitor doesn't show any hostility or at least hostility to Arthur nor Edward, as they fight the visitor raises his hand slowly timed with the sudden risen pillar of power,
And as quickly the pillar was risen so it was surrounded with massive needles.
Some of the Vanguards Elites, tried to attack this visitor, but as the Elite shortened his length towards the visitor, at some point he was amiss, no longer.
Seeing this Edward and Arthur took many steps between them and the visitor to ensure that they wont get golfed, but as they did the visitor appeared behind them both on the two opposite sites.
"Why are thou so scared?"
As Edward And Arthur tried to turn their backs to see this visitor on their backs, just like a night paralysis, where the movement is subjugated to ones hallucinations, so did these words seemed.
As when they finally turned around to confront the visitor, it was gone and was standing there where he was before. 
Thus Edward and Arthur knowing that they never had chance to even flee this man in black coat.
Admits Edward- and Arthur's struggles the visitor lowers his hand, when all the needles don't move to the pillar, no they appear in it as if they moved faster than the word of light would ever tell what had happened.
On this instant it was also revealed, that the needles were to no vail, too late as the needles were outsmarted by It, but like a fly in a spider web would believe it was the wind that was causing the entrapment so that the fly would wiggle itself out from the storm.
So did It think i had outsmarted he who breaks.
Just as It was shortening the distance between Itself and the visitor, Its leading hand with a knife dissolves as they reach a perimeter near the visitor.
The It, halts its immense speed and tries to flee knowing the inevitability of the fight result, sees many black needles through Itself, they didn't grow, they didn't come from the outside, they were there.
Just as the visitor takes one step towards It, a sudden shockwave envelopes around sending all th pebbles floating and the mountain tops singing in avalanches and the clouds kneeing towards the visitor.
As the visitor opens his mouth all noise all voices quiet down to appreciate any words coming out oh his majesty mouth.
So as the war scape was a orchestra where instruments of hundredfold each playing their own solos in their own according, the conductor halted this, and all existence became one and everything became harmonious.
Where the silence was the greatest masterpiece having the potential to start each and every possible play.

"Where is he?"

In a kind and caring voice the lands heard, and none knew the answer other than It, With a face of nothing it formed Itself a mouth and spoke in a ugly rusty voice: "You los-"
As It was finishing the indespicable words the harmony of the world looked at It with a grim, a cringe.
So did It disappear from the world and the worlds outside.
Disappointed with the hearing the visitor was visited, by Scarf boy and Storm Star.
On receiving their feet on the holy ground that had become this place where the visitor was standing, Scarf boy and Storm Star both bowed deeply in a commencing manner.
Scarf boy: "Your highness, may you spare It, I wand my subordinate will make sure that It wont ever disturb your peace."
The visitor spoke, directly to Scarf boys mind: "What does an outer make themselves here in the Inner?"
Scarf boy: "I apologize for my insolence, but if i may i have been trying to find a way to learn more about-"
The moment Scarf boy tried to think about the cellar and He who resides there, the visitor appears close to Scarf boy, with a gaze of silence, and so Scarf boy does not even dare to think about The cellar nor Him.
"You may hold It captive, but on one condition."
"You and your subordinate, report from now on directly to me, on any matter which involves those who walk in the non-existent."
Scarf boy: "It will by great honor your majest-"
Visitor: "Cut, the 'Majesty', call me by my name."
Scarf boy: "Yes your Majes- I mean Entropy."
Entropy switches his majestical eyes which are troped with red lining and black stars to Storm Star.
"A warrior of the past, with immortalium sanctum and even a pact with that thing floating blob-"
Hearing Entropy wording against ElecTriCity, She shouts: "He is a friend and saved my life at least once today, don't you dare speak badly against ElecTriCity."
Hearing her Scarf boy frowns in terror of what she just spoke towards his majesty: "What are you saying! Forgive her your Maje- I mean Entrop-"
Entropy: "No, it is all fine, let her speak her mind."
Entropy's face had become more friendly-ish.
"I will grant you It, and remember your oath, next time i wont be as lenient." 

And so did the sky shift from blue to red and all the majestic clouds bowed one more time for His majesty's departure, and after the visitor was gone, the sky shifted back from red to blue, in a aww, all the ELite forces gave up and ran back to Magna Roma with their tails between their legs.
Storm Star: "Was the signal we received from Him?"
Scarf boy: "No, that was an power surge which usually comes with ascendancy to true god form..."
Storm Star: "But if that thing was a true god, was there just such an immense gap between It and Entropy?"
Scarf boy: "No, not likely, a True God would be much harder to kill, or rather you cannot kill one, only entrap" Scarf boy remembers the cellar.
"Probably the reason why his majesty was here, since the more True Gods there are the more headache will it be for the council."
Storm Star: "A council of what?"
Scarf boy: "The council of Gods: The are in the ranking of lowest to the highest:"
- 