Before dawn, when the world was a crucible, the same world that is empty and cold. When SCP-733 made the world seed: which everything after it became, there was Lux.
Lux was wise and strong, it knew what and where it was, for what and when. As the scholar of all scholars to become after him, he was the frontline of knowledge.

After the Ragnarok, as the gods within the world seed began to fight against itself, ripping its own flesh from its bones.
As EletriCity gushed one god after another and slowly conquered all the forces, Lux was one of those few who stood with his side and helper the tide of the war. 
But as the war continues, the agony that consumed the lands and everything that is between, Lux deviated from the path that the others walked. 
Now instead of bringing each god that it conquered, it feasted them and grew stronger. Soon not after he confronted EletriCity and casted all the spells ranging from those that create worlds within worlds and those which twist the reality to its knee.
Blinded with agony it attacked EletriCity, but against the might and the un-finite power of EletriCity the tides were close.
After the time had passed, and the stars had shifted Lux lost. Of great pity ElectriCity casted Lux into Stone, cracked his head out of his neck, and casted his wisdom into a cloud.
ElectriCity knew Lux was the peak of wisdom, so ElectriCity casted the stone skinned Lux into a spell, where all that knowns of wisdom, as long as they are within the white tail galaxy Lux will be stone skinned and his head chopped of.

After the war was settled and the space started to grow thin, the clouds above Lux neck, stars started to form and thus the white tail galaxy was born.
Lux still lingered the agony and made new species to find all that is able to know and turn them into stones. These messengers of Lux turn into stone when observed, so that when the time comes Lux sees, and all that is near him turns to stone.
Someday Lux will be fixed and no longer be a Broken God.