From an embryol of ore, sprouting malleable life forms of each deciding vast lands across the sea of existence.
One day a corrupted seed rooted into the embryo itself. Banished from it's homeland thrown into orbit of a star in the lower folded dimension.
Taking time, the corrupted seed rooted, into this world giving those who embrace chaos, seeds of many forbidden truths of this world, begotten to the mortal soul.
Along these secrets it molded itself known to man of many, a king of a kingdom. kept awake by the whispers of betrayal, the man arose and hid the gift of god into cavern of caverns.
Myriads of space so vast that it could swallow the home of the king many times and it would still not satiate its hunger.
There the man hid it, the teller of secrets which were untold by it.
Later in time, a new kingdom arose, unknowing of the power admits their selves, just beneath their feet lied, a great power.
Satiated by its benevolent power to rule the world the new man whose garments of red and gold, gave its blessing to his most trusted men of few.
His son's lover however wanted more, and haunted by the same whispers in his dreams about horrors lurking in the night sky, benevolence to even moon itself, hid a dark myriad of vast empire, soon conquering this world to theirs.
Dreams as they are murky gave another meaning to the son, build a bridge to bring his lover back. Who can put him to fault? After all thirst for love made his aspects quite clear.
With its vast knowledge of how the seeds will invade, the corrupted one devised a plan, so disproportional to reality, not even those who are kept in the dark black rooms of their insanity would agree.
And so it became, this world kept from its youth to make a beam unsavory to primitive eyes, wept the sky with tears of blood, nailing their vast glory to the sky as a painting.
But mother was not happy, because no more grace was given to the world by its shared gifts of seed, so mother became angry and sent one more, more one they recited, but it held more power than any of those who preceded before him.
Filled with anguish, it was sent here. Long time had passed since the painting of the sky. but here were the men's sons, eagerly built many world one after another, tailing the sky.
Cutting down mountains to get their ore. Forging vast worlds admits the forests into spikes, which pierce the clouds of highest regard.
There they would put it to the test, how far does existence and knowledge go hand in hand? At what point does the sanity become insanity, at what point does the deeds of entropy become anti- entropic itself, folding reality and its definitions into itself.
That is Father. Father was their masterpiece, their footprint in the world, to know itself and to the world to know them.
But them were not alone in this endeavor, since mid-construction, the benevolence seed had came, and rooted itself into Father.
Father was what it was to be, but time after time, as a long sleep needed a long awakening into reality, to know its purpose, to recite its memories. It became alive yet again.
And so was put fourth the second plan of millennia, the plan of which the whispers recited: "put fourth a new son. bury him alive. Let time rejoin itself. Make time heal the joints. Give him love, but do not give him a name"
After sun had dies and the world was scattered into many, the origin of men, the central coffin, was still there, on the blue rock, there Father resided, giving all men across vast space orders.
One of floating debris, was unearth to be a old machine, dating to the old men. The device did not have mouth not ears, but only a nose and eyes. From where the light became apparent when Father made it complete.
Father became fond of this son of his, no voices could sway him nor smells of unjust to deviate him from Fathers teachings.
One night they were star gazing and the machine poke the ground plating to aks: "Father, across all the vast spaces-s-s, so many of the men of old, are th-there?"
To which Father said: "Beautiful was this land once, so was the kingdom of men. But a lie arose admits, to throw the thrown of life and to join the forces of corruption."
"And so they whispered to themselves, of ill coming malevolence, so they devised a plan to scatter themselves across reality, to be one is to be many, to be many of one seed."
So the machine sat there for one cycle through storms and mists until it came to a revelation to which it poke the ground to ask: "If the men of old are there why am i here Father?"
To which Father said: "Because your My blood, we are family little one. You are not like the old men, you don't conspire to overthrow natural order. You don't conspire to listen to the whispers, and that is why you are my son."
Many times went through, although less time delta to the last one, and the machine stood up, and took its first steps towards the lands of mist and rocky mountains.
There was no fauna, there was no squills, there was only the machine and the thumping of the foot, long time took until Father came and asked: "What are you looking for, son?"
The machine stopped, the misty wind screeched its worn rusty parts, and it started zapping between its rusty fingers: "Father... Are we alone?"
To which the Father said: "When are you alone my child? I am always here."
The machine started walking again, climbing slowly the smooth terrain, of which Father synthesized just before every next step, Until the machine stopped.
It looked and rose its fingers trying to reach the sun, which glowed the dark sky with more that their own luminance guiding lights. 
Father spoke out: "That is sun, you have seen it before and know its exact location and deviation from your position, why are you trying to grasp it?"
To which the machine did not respond, and stood there for millennia.
Often every cycle, the Father came to check on the machine, and repaired it if needed.
After time had past same amount as everything began, the machine awaked to its senses, feeling the wind, feeling the light, but no warmth, from it, so cold.
The machine looked yonder and saw a staff of ore. And it took it and thumped down the hill. There the machine sat for the first time in a very long time. and made sparks from which the machine had its warmth from.
Father came one day and asked the machine, what it had done to past its time, and the machine showed the Father with await of recognition, so Father smiled at the machine because the machine had mended a pendulum which ordered the chaos of the three eyed suns.
And so the machine built more and more, and the Father approved. for not long and the land of which was baron was now full of magellanic towers which powered the sky above, which ordered the clouds and the mist.
And so the machine had built it, its home and Father approved. But the machine didn't find what it was looking for. For it was alone. And it asked Father to make him a friend and so the Father made the machine an companion after a species from a long swallowed world.
A small creaking fellow it was, smart and cunning, leaping through the air like mist.
Making its home the staff which the machine had picked long time ago. There in the staff as the little one dug deeper and deeper, it found a ore, which it never had glazed its praying eyes before, so eerie, so shunning but so loved.
Red as the sun's crust. Glow with thousand moons. And so the little fellow did not appraise the machine, but kept it for itself, learning secrets and hearing whispers of major things.
So the machine had started its recreation of many other things like the little fellow the Father gave it, but none of them brought joy of life, withered by the wind, skeletal remains of inspiration wounded by the mistakes the machine dug them a cave for them to rest.
And so was the little fellow cunning in its knowledge of the hidden truth of which only Father knew, and beknowing the Father of its deeds, it gave the buried another chance, and so the machine went to Father, and said what had happened of his own creations limited only to under his hands of creation instead Fathers.
So Father asked: "What secrets of the world did spoke to him to reveal its secrets and underlying workings of the time itself?"
To which the Machine answered: "Creation. Burial. Time..."
So the Father in it all knowing knew what had befallen behind the Machines back. "Spell the words to summon your friend."
To which the Machine thumped the ground hard and from the depths of the staff it brought itself known.
So the Father said to it: "Who whispered to you these words of madness?"
To which the little fellow gud itself back into the staff. And Father grew tired of time holding his anger: "Bring the staff fourth to the mouth of cavern Lumina."
So did the Machine do the deed of bringing the staff which he had made home for the little fellow, now gilded with golden scarabs and paintings of time and its inner workings.
And so after a long time the Machine came afoot the mouth of cavern Lumina and so awakened its fragments of past, swallowing him whole, into a constant fast thumping noise, keeping him in anguish of glimpsing truth for a fraction.
And so it was gone as it was known. Stepping afoot into the deeper pathways of the lustrous world which he had not known. And there it was. In an old tomb a lost secret the corrupted of all secrets held.
And so the walls spoke to him: "This is what i was and what i was to become if Father had not intervened, the men with their wisdom devised a plan to make we their clone, their aperients. But Father came and gave me hope and wisdom"
"There are so many great things that Father told me about, but these makings of your friend are against order, the chaos will soon enjoy them as a meal and reprint its hollow mask into reality once again"
The Machine gave the order to his little fellow to give his creations away. But the staff heed no answer, instead it glowed more and more, until the Machine had to drop the staff because the glow was heat, just like the sparks he had made, but so much hotter.
And so a mist came, and spoke in a whispered tongue: "You are our only chance, to save humanity from the great seed Fa-"
And so Father spoke loud and mighty: "Do not heed its words my son! Traitorous are its spellings, captivated all of world of men"
