The following is a followup on what happened to the Special division that Magna Roma sent to the Egypt.

The new Special division was made of the rest of Truci Messores and lead archeologists and scientists, they were instructed to go and lend Sara Ivnok with her work.
Sara was the one, who initially found the peeking ruins and the conclusion of the importance of these ruins.

Week 1, day 0:

Dear diary-
    It is day 43 and after some time after i requested for backup they have arrived, i hope my presentation this evening after they unpack everything will go smooth sailing.
    Apparently some of the assignee that were assigned here are part of what is left of Truci Messores, the red ghosts can you believe it! 
    At first it was awe, but then it hit me, what if they were assigned here to be like the Big Brother, you know, like a watchful eye, and after my job is done, are they gonna dispose me?
    No! That would make no sense at all. They probably will score my findings and then assign me to an another team or something. So i got to be on my best from now on.

After the new assignees unpacked everything from the helicopters and cargo ships, they went to presentation hall, which was just a decorated huge cave entrance near Qarun Lake.
After The cite director of Cite 15 went upstage the crowd went silent.

"Dear comrades we were assigned to this new cite because of professor Sara, and her findings on the matter. The time i worked with you wonderful people, was great and i hope professor Sara will feel same of you lot."
"I my self will take my leave tomorrow so if you have anything that has to do with Cite 15, please contact me before tomorrow sunset."
"With that out of the way, may i present you: Professor Sara Ivnok"

After that Sara climbed the little step ladder to get to the stage and gave her speech:
"Um--.. " [The microphone makes a high pitched screech] "Um, Hi everyone my name is Sara Ivnok as you already knew..."
"I have dedicated my life before finding this place to researching archeology and what it implies to our current understanding and the history we know."
"About one and a half month ago i was assigned to here, after there was an earthquake and new ruins started to come out to the surface because of the seismic activity shifting the kilotons of dirt."
"At first i and my small research team investigated these ruins, and took them for same time frame category class like the other ruins here in Egypt, but after a closer look we started to notice, how they had architectural structures so different from what for an example the pyramids in egypt has."
"At first we were happy to maybe be one of the first to find this new lost era of our human history, but after some time this is also what drove us to make the backup call."
"We found traces of heavy decayed elements, after some research we found that these are exact traces left after an fusion and fission reactions, We could have accidentally stepped into the terrestrial gates of an ancient civilization that dates further back than our current understanding of start of life." 
"At any rate, we need to conduct more research and that is why you are here, i hope everyone here has a great time while putting their best and helping each other."

After Sara couldn't come up with anything to say for a time, the crowd started to cheer and clap. 

Dear diary-
    It is day 44 and after giving the most difficult speech of my life yesterday, i think i can take anything head-on.
    I also got to see the Truci Messores, Although they didn't like to be called that, i wonder why that is.
    But omg, that one guy on the Truci Messores team is so hot. Uhg i'm getting distracted, i need to focus on my work, maybe they are testing my royalty to the research and work.
    I don't have anything in mind it has already been an exhaustive day for me compared to usual.  


