Rank is the power and controllability of an certain situation.

At the lowest rank are the entropic mass, this ranges from water to stones and everything in between.
Above the lowest rank is any system that maintains its entropy or even tries to fight it back, these usually consist of single cellular automata, like cells or a singular nanobot.  
Next up are where the complexity from simplicity starts to form all the way to any type organism that hasn't yet achieved intelligence.

Anything can achieve Intelligence if it:
 - Can parse the critical data given to it, that is related to its survival.
 - Can conclude new data from other data, that may help it survive or thrive.
 - Can pass its learnings to the next generation if it is a organism that dies when aged enough.

The ranks that have been told until now consist of everything of the "Normal" domain.
Above the so called Normal rank are the Supernatural, these can consist of non sentient phenomena like a cursed object.
Supernatural also house the Vampires, Ghosts, Ghouls, Gigantic animals, like gigantic spiders, wolfs, speaking trees.
Some Normals can attain the Supernatural aspect after being exposed to certain criteria or making an contract, where the higher Rank specimen lends power to the lower Rank.

Above the supernaturals are the Half-bloods, where the higher Rank being makes a offspring with a lower Rank being. The Rank of the new offspring can vary depending of the compatibility of its parents.
But usually the offspring has the average Rank of its parents.
Half-bloods usually come to this world starting from the lower Ranking parents Rank, and then have the potential to achieve Mastery level of its higher Ranking parent.
Note: the term Half-blood isn't just locked to the beings that are offspring of higher ranking entities than the supernatural Rank.
 Any Rank that has the capability to combine its traits with some other Ranking entity can bear an half-blood to this world.

Above the Half-bloods are the Demigods. Demigods are entities that usually have an immortal aspect to them, be it an super regeneration that can survive even if it is its last cell. 
Demigods are usually created by more higher ranking entities to do their bidding.
Lower ranking entities can also create their own demigods, although they usually regard them as gods, seeing how much more powerful a demigod is compared to them.
For an example once upon time one of the higher Ranking entity made the seven deadly sins as conceptual beings, where if there was committed an "Act" corresponding to one of the seven deadly sins the entity that created them would get stronger.
However this is merely an rumor and sufficient paperwork needs to be compiled before it would be considered as factual.

At the same level as the Demigods are the False-gods. False-gods can range from Demigods that want to surpass their higher Ranking creator, or just fame and notion in the world.
False-gods can also just be cursed or non-cursed regular day items that can be regarded as "Holy".
But what differs an False-god Demigod from an "normal" Demigod is their capacity to make contracts with its own followers and thus making itself stronger to some extend.
Ideology can also be considered as an False-god if there is merit or some kind of power attached to the ideology itself, for an example: information hazards like the Basilisk.

Above the False-gods are the Gods. these are usually the highest ranking entities for all Ranking entities that are below them. Some gods are more powerful than others, 
Although the term power can vary, where as the Perfect strategist god may win another god that might not be the sharpest in the shed. 
The point here is that the term "God" be it with uppercase letter G or not, vary. For a "Normal" Rank entity even a Demigod can achieve the title of God in their perspective.
This makes the "God" category the largest, where even "weak" entities can achieve. Although when in a presence of a "True God" a "God" Rank entity might not boast their Rank and instead bow down to the higher and more powerful entity.
Gods are usually tasked with maintaining the world they harbour in.

This leaves us to the Rank of True Gods. True Gods are usually indestructible by all lower Ranking entities, in other words pure immortals.
To be considered a True God Rank, the entity in question must have the following criteria:
 - Able to subtract antimatter from matter and thus making matter from nothingness.
 - Able to to energy to its all forms these include:
   - Electricity
   - Mass
   - Gravity
   - Kinetic force
   - Light
   - Heat
 - Able to ascend any Ranking entity to an upper Rank, as long as the Rank is lower or same than theirs (Although many True Gods avoid making new True Gods, let alone God Ranking entities.).
Even if an Entity might be considered as an True God, there still might be a more powerful True God Ranking entity.
Most of the True Gods reside in the Land Of Gods, rest are split into two groups, the first group reside in the empty void outside of anything even space capable of virtual particles. 
The other group reside within the worlds the lower ranking Gods maintain, to play their "own game".    

Above True Gods are the Domain holders. There are various Domain holder Ranking entities.
These include:
 - The God born, where the embryo they reside in is the universe where they try to farm as much of information from the civilizations that are born within the lifespan of the universe, making the unborn Godborn more ready, where information of how to manipulate the time-space is the power.
 - Azathoth an stray Domain Holder that tried to go back to the embryo and failed and thus made its own "embryo" domain, dreams.
The category of the Domain Holders is a really vague area, where an Domain Holder like Azathoth could host to itself infinite times and thus nested universes.
Some say the concept of the Domain Holders is just a myth to even keep the True Gods in check.
Some theorize that there is something or someone overseeing Domain Holders and all that there is, an singularity, where even time is but a tine circle for its eyes. Something above all the dimensions, someone that peers the narrative to its liking like a show for himself.
There is "Someone" who could be considered to be an candidate to be considered the Overseer of all and everything, "He" is the child of the two most greatest entities ever known to the True Gods and all that is below everything.
Grace and Agony, the two most powerful forces until their child was born and Entropy was introduced, yes Entropy! The sole power that even "normal" Gods cannot escape.
It is also speculated that Entropy tries to do a overthrow Grace and Agony, and ascend to compete with someone? Most tell this little tale just to make each other laugh.
